The main attractions were shut while we still paid the full entrance fees, without any intimation either online or as the ticket kiosksVisited Disneyland Hong Kong today March 15, 2019. Poor experience. Very little there in the first place in terms of rides and other experiences. But most of it was closed for renovations (including the main Disney castle) or lots of stuff just not open anyway. Kids couldn't get pics with their fav characters as they kept disappearing for a break every 20 mins and queues were long already. All this missing and not even a reduction in the already expensive price. Pretty crappy day outSmall park, half open. Not worth the money.Every year I come to Disney with my children, every year is worse than the last one!!!!Prices for entrance tickets are outrageous, specially taking in account that the rides are minimal...Food prices are not normal, even for Disney, super hyper expensive, horrible food, even the junk food is tasteless!!!Only good thing about this place is leaving it!!!!I'm writing an honest and truthful opinion of this park. I'm not paid by anybody to discredit Disney. If you in HK, do not go to this rip off expensive overpriced park, which is not even worth HK$10 let alone paying over HK$400. There's no attraction, the rides are garbage, no decent food court and the price of the food is three to four time the price. this theme park is just as big as the Victoria Park in HK.Those who are commenting about how wonderful the time they had must have been paid by Disney or high with something. I would rather go to Ocean park which is much bigger and more things to see and do.Just to get to Disneyland you are paying US$ 15 20.Visited from Australia. Enjoyed the rides, parades and shows. Disappointed the toy train ride was closed. Knew the castle would be under renovation. The biggest let down was that as we were leaving, we decided to pop by the gift shop to buy a Mickey and Mini Mouse plush toy (in the Chinese outfits) which was under the sign that said 2 for HKD298. When we went to pay, the girl behind the counter said it was HKD168 each. We took her colleague to show her the offer sign and she said it didn   t apply for Mickey and Mini, but that it was for other plush toys (Duffy and friends toys only). The girl was very condescending and made us feel unpleasant. So we accepted and bought it for HKD336. When we left to Hong Kong airport 2 days later, at the Disney store in the airport (we didn   t know there would be one there) we saw the same deal: 2 plush for HKD298 and we asked if it applied to the same Mickey and Mini mouse, and lo and behold the girl at that store said it did! that is, 2 for HKD298!! So how is it that at Disneyland park the store did not honour the offer when the other store did? We were very disappointed that the staff were very rude when we tried to enquire about the offer that was rightly given to everyone at the airport store, but did not give us this offer when it was clearly stated on the stand in the main Disneyland?!? This made what would have been a great day at Disneyland very unpleasant. We have discouraged our family & friends to visit Hong Kong Disneyland due to this unpleasant experience. Disney, we would like you to be more honest in your promotions and to honour what is stated in your pricing. Full of Mainland tourists, spitting and pushing and shoving. IS NOT THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!! Expensive!!Dumb to go.America Street is a boring place because the prices ain't cheap and much can be bought elsewhere.The other zones are horrible,with too much people and staff not doing much for the adventure.Very unhappy during the whole trip.Having visited Disneyland Paris some 25 years ago we decided to spend the last day of our holiday at Disneyland Hong Kong. The rides were outdated and given HK love of all things electronic we expected more. There was a greater variety of rides in Paris. The parades started late   so we missed the last few minutes of the evening parade as we had a coach pick up to meet. The parades were not a patch on Paris some 25 years agoThe majority of the staff were rude and unhelpful   unlike the Paris staff. Given that English is widely spoken in HK a lot of the staff barely understood English. Putting it mildly it was an utter disappointment from start to finish.Extremely average rides. Please save your money and go to Universal Studios in Singapore! They don   t get anywhere close to creating the magical experiences they promise to! The park was too crowded with sections shut down for renovations. After paying for an entry it seemed like you are eternally in a queue for rides or exhibits that were extremely disappointing!Its not the fault of Disney that such a bad typhoon storm hit and closed and disrupted operations. It is their fault and responsibility in how they handle the ensuing customer issues.When we explained to Mr.Dominic Chanat the Hong Kong Disneyland Reservation Center that we travelled far with our kids, paid for plane tickets, paid hotel, etc and bought silver passes to the park and had limited time he didnt seem to care. The park was closed during our stay for one day and many things in the park were not running or closed. All we asked was to be able to use our passes on Saturday to make up for the closed day and the other problems as we leave Sunday.He gave us the magical template answer with a NO, passes cant be used on Saturday with no consideration. Greed before customer concern is how they responded to the aftermath of the storm.The park is currently in disarray and best to avoid until they get the place fixed up and can ensure us that all the attractions have been inspected for safety due to storm damage that may compromise safety.Hugely expensive (  126.40 for one adult and one 14yo.) for what surely must be the smallest of Disney's park offerings. If you expect western style junk food, think again, this was worse. The rides were good. Queue discipline was at times bad with ignorant people shoving their kids past us and when their kids cried out that the adults couldn't get by to join them, we reluctantly let them through too. The fairytale castle, tiny as it is was behind hoardings as I guess they were working to add extra magic with the diggers that were there. Go to Ocean Park instead.Smallest Disneyland, I finish walking the whole place in 30min. Strongly recommend not to even spend time here.  Service also very bad!if you like queuing behind thousands of Mainland tourists for hours then visit this 'attraction'It is small,, on the way to the airportThe Govt allocated an equal portion of land for expansion adjoining this site which has not been taken up on.Better to go to Ocean ParkMy daughters graduated from college; in addition, her 21st birthday and we decided to celebrate by visiting HK Disneyland. Disneyland was suppose to be the highlight of our trip, we were totally disappointed. I   ve visited Disney in Florida and California and thought it would be great to take her to HK. HK was fun, but Disney was more like a neighborhood carnival and not worth the time or money. Would definitely not recommend for anyone over the age of 5 or anyone who has visited Disney in the US.Bought a 2 day ticket and there was't even enough there to fill a day. A waste of money. Bought food vouchers snd it was hard to find snything worth while eating. It was extremely hot and very little shade in themes or between them. Not a patch on the original disney theme park in Anaheim. Only a couple of rides or attractions that match the original. The merchandise was extremely ecpensive. The best thing about the park was the staff. Most were very helpful and pleasant.I was visiting with my five month old baby and had a toddler too. I only went for rides with no height limits. We used our priority pass to skip the line for the slinky dog ride. They let us sit in the ride then because their dad was with the toddler and did not get a cart behind or in front and we wanted to sit together, so we got off and waited for the next turn. Once we waited for the first round to end, we were told because they gave out the bone tickets for the round after, we had to wait one more round. So we would get on the third round. Finally, it was our turn then the staff proceed to say my five month old has to sit by herself on the seat and not on a lap, I got angry. I waited there for three rounds and even sat in a ride cart and not one staff says a word about my baby on my lap. Then when I was about to sit next to my family and enjoy the ride they tell me I can   t have my infant on my lap. She can   t even sit by herself. They did nothing but say she can ride if she sits by herself and that plenty of babies ( pointing to toddlers and pre school aged children saying those babies can do it, why can   t mine) as if blind to my child   s small size in comparison. I asked for a manager, while waiting the staff that let me on the ride then kicked me off ran away to hide.If they told me when they saw me in line they should have said something then everything would have been fine. I waited in front of their eyes and even sat in a cart and three rides later they refuse to let me board the ride saying no lap sitting is just a waste of my time and use of my priority pass.Let   s just say you pay and good luck to you! Employees have no Disney Magic, food is horrible and the are rude and don   t care. Don   t spend your money. Super small and is currently under construction.Trip not worth it. If you want to enjoy Disney highly recommend Orlando Florida Disney World (love it been there 3 times in 5 years) Animal Kingdom is great for kids. Epcot has the best food. Water park so much fun. or Disneyland in California ( was a pass holder and it was worth it).We went there March 31,2018. I was with my 6 yr old child. When she saw the stormtrooper mascot she was very excited to go there. We ran towards the stormtroopers and she happily raised her hand and waiting to be called. They were pointing out children or couple who will have a chance to have photos with them. My child kept on raising her hand and we were there standing for almost 20minutes. My child didn   t want to go until she was called. But I   m so tired and so I told her to go to Storm Troopers directly thinking that they will allow her since they kept on grabbing couples    who didn   t wait there   , children who just    passed by    or children who doesn   t want to have photos with them but apparently she was turned down by that stupid Storm Tropper assigned on March 31,2018 around 4pm. For just taking a photo with my child who   s only dream was to go to Disneyland made her cry because the mascots wanted to just grab people who didn   t even    wait   ! Isn   t it that HongKong Disneyland is really for kids and they think that it is the    happiest    place on Earth and staffs should make everybody happy?! That stupid Storm Tropper made my child cry and hurt her feelings! It was ok if we were rejected because we didn   t wait there for too long. But we did! We waited Soooooo long! We waited more than 20minutes for just a photo to make a child happy. With just a click and less than a minute they can already make somebody happy but that stupid Storm Tropper rejected because they wanted those who didn   t WAIT. If we were celebrities they would allow us fast but we were not! I suggest to have a new policy with the mascots! All the mascots should have a line to take photos and everybody should have a chance especially those who    WAITED   . we paid so much more that we deserve that right to have a photo with whoever we want. Hong Kong Disneyland hurt my child and I want everybody to know it because they can   t take it back again!!!Calling out HongKong Disneyland Management fix the attitudes of your mascots! Or make new policy on taking photos!Overcrowded and maybe you get to ride on two or three things whilst queuing for hours Get there really early and try and beat the crowds however it won't be for longThey let far to many people in its a real jokeSpend the money and go to The original in Orange County USAMuch much betterOverall I actually love Disneyland and had a pretty great time. What ruined in for me was no one spoke to me. I've had rheumatoid arthritis since I was two and use a wheelchair and at every attraction bar one or two (shout out to guy at the carousel) every single employee asked my husband if I can walk transfer. After 27 years in a wheelchair I had gotten used to it (which is messed up in itself), but I found that once I had children people realised I could most likely respond. I had my three year old in my lap 90% of the time and my six year old nearby. I was usually chatting to them when the cast would overlook me to speak to my husband.I'm feeling a little less than because of this treatment. No one deserves to feel overlooked and less than. Merry Christmas Also   I'm a speech pathologist.... First queued for 45 minuets for opening then at ten o   clock it opened well we thought it had opened , no got to Main Street with a white line across the street to be stopped by staff , which honestly made the gestapo look like angels you dared cross the line and they were on you like a pack of hungry wolves do not cross the line the park opens at 10.30am another half hour wait .Half past ten came and by this time there were thousands waiting to go which to me was dangerous as people surged to get to the rides , but wait only certain parts were open the rest wouldn   t open until 11.00am again chains across the paths and more aggressive border guards ( don   t cross the line ) this put a real down on the day if we knew we would have waited until lunch before going .The park it self is quiet small and the rides just average and after the opening downer we stayed for lunch and left before 2.00pm , my advice is good for families but don   t go until after lunch unless you want to stand around for hours while the whole park opens and you aren   t scared to cross the line in case of snipers and aggressive border guards ( even kids were aggressively told not to cross the line )All in all if your only adults don   t bother a waste of money better spent elsewhere Magic kingdom it ain   t more like Stalag 17I went with my boyfriend for our final day in HK, the park itself wasn't overcrowded and was quite cute. The rides aren't huge and its fairly small in comparison to other Disney theme parks but I didnt mind that. What I did mind however,...MoreWe are a group of 10 with 3 children, the food is bland and tasteless, the kids menu is a waste of money because its worst than the adults. This is a pricey place, it would have been ok if the food is good but for what we ate, its not worth it. Even the staff are not friendly. The only good I can think of ,is the ambiance which is better than the other restaurants there, otherwise avoid this restaurant .We went to Disneyland on the worst day, it being the national holiday it was super busy but it was our last full day in Hong Kong so had no choice. We bought our tickets on klook so slightly cheaper. The people were so rude, not staff but other customers, pushing, shoving, prodding. Theres no such queuing system, it doesnt matter that you have been waiting an hour, someone will come along, pretend someone else is ahead, get to a certain point and call the rest of the family friends to push in!! Because of the language barrier i got a lot of giggles, shaking of heads and just ignored when confronted them. It happened in pretty much every queue which ruined the whole experience. Also the park is small, theres no cooling system , perhaps more sheltered areas, AC, Fanned areas, even in the queue they could have them water spritzing things, the excessive heat made it uncomfortable. Theres not enough food options, not enough international, we ate at the corner cafe but had to wait 30 mins to be seated. The only good thing is the ease of getting thete, the mtr is easy to use and cheap enough. The disney train itself is a nice touch. All in all a bad day out!Every kid love Disneyland , but this is nothing for kids , not here in Hong Kong. Yes we all know it   s crowded but you just need to line up for everything , just to make a picture with Mickey and Minnie , my wife and me has to line up 3 hours in exchange , my little daughter can   t wait that long by 37 degree in the sun. After 3 hours lining up , lunch time , another 1,5 hour , just to get something to eat.... beside that   s the food was totally over priced ( that   s OK , we knew where we are ) the taste was disgusting. All in all , my 4 years old Baby girl seen Mickey and Minnie for 40 sec after waiting 3 hours , got a mickey Balloon for 25 bucks had seen Goofy passing thru and then at 3 pm we left after in total being there for just 6 hours....All in all an wasted day in Hong Kong....4 hours 4 rides. Ridiculous waiting times and very hot some places sat 15 minutes wait but are more likely to be 45 minutes. Everything was severely overpriced and the staff are rede and ignorant. Kids were over it after 4 hours and didn't like it and don't want to return. Embarrassed for Mr. Walt Disney. The park was created in 2005. Disney had a blank slate to create a world class park. Instead they created an embarrassing tourist trap, that offered an uninspiring place to capture your money only. If Walt was alive he would have fired the person in charge of new park development.... Don't waste your time and don't waste your money at this park. No wonder The Hong Kong park is losing millions of $$ each year..now they have finally decided to invest big money staring in 2019 to rehab this place.. we live in Los Angeles and have been to Disneyland many many times..and are very proud of the park..but HK big jokeOn the day, it was a choice of either Ocean Park or Disneyland. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, we decided to go to disneyland. Travelling there was pretty easy by MTR and rail. However, on the way, we were met by hordes of Chinese mainlanders, each going to the same destination. They are loud and rude and where there is a queue, they will certainly try to skip it. Sadly, this was the main theme throughout the day. After queuing at the entrance, and fighting off every single mainlander's attempt to jump the queue, we finally got in. The sun was shining and it was extremely hot. My advice is to take an umbrella or parasol with you to shade yourself, because there is very little shade indeed within the park. Queuing for the rides wasn't so bad. They are pretty fast, and you can select a time to return to save yourself some time. This is certainly what you must do for the more popular rides. The rides are generally suitable for children and even those who are afraid of rollercoasters can enjoy them without a fuss. But you must ensure that no one skips in front of you while queuing. Since there are no shades within the park, you are always on the lookout for a shop to relieve yourself with aircon. Although, there are some areas with aircon, there are also many shops that don't have it. I find it pretty cheap that they can't even turn the aircon on after you pay so much to get in.The food courts are jammed pack. You'd be extremely lucky to get a seat. The mainlanders all rush to get their food and the whole place is absolutely chaotic. It's probably the worse experience you will ever have. Fortunately, they serve the food pretty quickly and you don't have to wait long in the queue.By the end of the day, I was so knackered, I just couldn't move anymore. The heat, the exhaustion, the constant need to fight off queue jumping. Chinese mainlanders will not observe any etiquette and it got me completely mad. I cannot recommend this experience to anyone.It is nice   for half an hour before it becomes overcrowded. Should be covrr for sun.  Unfortunately.I have been to Disney World in Florida once and Disneyland in Californis numerous times. Both are world class entertainment facilities for young and old alike. Hong Kong`s version is a bad joke and a total rip off. Save your money. For this style of entertainment go to Ocean Park on Hong Kong Island. It is light years better.My family went to HK Disneyland with 3 young kids in tow.Pros   lines weren't so long given the heat  we stayed in a Disney hotel & the transport to the park system was very efficient Cons   I was nursing my sleeping baby in an air conditioned attraction while my kids learned to draw Disney characters. My baby fell asleep and I've requested if we could stay for a while after the session since any motion will wake her up & the heat outside was unbearable. The answer from the Disney staff was a flat no. So I had to leave with a tired baby in my arms & walk under the heat of the sun. I expected more compassion from Disney, being a family centered theme park.  Bland Chinese food from Maxim's (plus they charge for continents like soy sauce even if they serve dimsum)  Rude staff. I saw how a staff member was so rude to a certain race who was asking how much a drink cost. The staff got the price tag & slammed it in front of the customer. Appalling.I have been to most Disney resorts (except for the newest one in Shanghai) and I must say that HK Disneyland disappointed me during my recent trip.Don't let the staff there unhappy;otherwise,he will put your baby stroller to the place with the strong sunlight intendedly when you're enjoying the attraction ,and  make your baby sitting in the hottest strollers which he takes it as a revenge to you!Long queues in the sun and got shouted at by a member of staff when I complained my youngest my feeling unwell,I have been a Platinum Member of Hong Kong Disneyland for 5 years. I regularly check the webpage for shows and information about what is going on. I arrive today to learn that there is a new show for 2 days and, aparently, no places left. I informed them they missed to inform me by the usual channel and, despite my Platinum (and other 5 members of my family's platinum status), they are unable to even give me an stand by status to get into the show. I spoke to the manager. Totally useless.Unfortunately, HK Disney due to a fault in their website are still holding approx. $700AUD of my cash (debit card)   3 weeks after I attempted to purchase 2 tickets and the website kept advising me my card could not be authorised. Extremely poor & unhelpful service from HK Disney staff during my attempts to rectify this situation. No 'Disney Magic' in this experience !!!I recently visited HK Disneyland for the second time in March 2017. A large percentage of the venues were  under maintenance . We were disappointed there were so few rides to go on and most importantly, they no longer have curry popcorn! I was shocked they had discontinued this, the curry popcorn was out of this world! We aren't so much into the characters anymore, but I can't recall seeing any characters walking around either. It hardly felt like Disneyland. Next trip to Hong Kong, we'll stick with Ocean Park.Very crowded place even we were there on a Monday , the waiting line was always with 75 minutes waiting time which is crazy . The kids enjoyed the parade and we had also some food . I can't review the rides because we could not try because of the waiting time . We paid 2000hkd to walk in the park and another 800 hkd to eat some snacks way expensive and we did not try the rides because of the crowd . We did try only one ride which is taking pictures with a robot I waited also 20 minutes for it. Never again Worst Disneyland i have ever been to, Full of pushy mainlanders, rides were closed and all a disappointment. Do the real thing in the USA avoid this scaled down shambles of a  Disneyland  took my younger sister who is 13 and she was greatly disappointed and said that Ocean park was  a million times better  i take her word for it!Let me preface by writing we have been to Disney Florida and Disney California. Took my 4 year old twins to HK with me on business and decided to bring them to HK Disney as a treat. My children are biracial Caucasian Asian. I am Caucasian, mom is Asian.My son has light brown hair dark blonde hair and hazel eyes with some minimal Asianfeatures (e.g., no epicanthic eyefold so his eyes look more Westen while his bone structure is more Asiatic). His twin sister has a darker complexion and aside from medium brown hair eyes, she looks like a light skinned Asian toddler.My son was constantly hassled by Japanese and Korean patrons in the park, mostly obnoxious women between the ages of 30 40 years old who not only asked completely inappropriate and racists questions of my wife and I, but also thought it acceptable andOK to take selfies with my son. One of the women, a woman from Osaka, keptreferring to my son as  cute half breed boy. I put a stop to this after around the 8th or 9th Japanese Korean woman did this (mind you this was in the first two hours we were in the park). The final straw for me was when we went to a Disney stage show and the had an Asian woman made up in black face paintperforming a circa  1950's America  song a la Beans & Cornbread in front of a thousandlittle kids.Given the insane price of entry, small size and limited features of this Disney park, notto mention the  merchandizing attempts  every five feet and the profoundly racist experiences we had to deal with, I am crossing this off as a  we'll visit them again  place for the kids. The Ocean Park nearby is much better and nobody thought my childwas a park attraction toy for taking cell phone photos.I'd skip Disney HK and opt for the stateside parks. Maybe we will try Disney Shanghai with better luck.I've never been in any Disneyland or Disney world so that i took the change while I was in hongkong. Actually the theme park is very small and for the best attractions you need to queue up at least 1 or 1,5 hours despite after 3 hours we where done! I would not recommend to go there for Chinese New Years days asap it is massive over crowed of Chinese mainland tourists : ) in my opinion nice for kids but not worth to see!My young daughter loves Hong Kong Disneyland so we went often. We've visited the park for 9 years continuously, and we were their loyal  Magic Access Card Members . But we   ve faced constant and repeated assault by other visitors, mainly from Mainland China. We   ve been punched, finger poked, hit by selfie sticks, pushed, stepped on, verbally abused etc. Each time the staff just watched, stood there motionless, and they took no actions. I've had 10 15 minute shouting arguments with people because they've either aggressively pushed me or my child, at times in  It's A Small World  and also  HyperSpace Mountain  where the arguments echoed loudly, but the staff do not help or call any security ! When I've complained to the staff (inside the  rides  or in their  City Hall ); they refused to collect the details of the attackers and they did not call the police. In fact; they've NEVER called the police when I asked for their help ! They would say to me  It's a nice day why don't you enjoy the park and rides ! . I   ve sent emails to Hong Kong Disneyland on their security in the park but wthout real satisfaction. To force the personal security issue; on Saturday 3 December 2016 I deliberately took some goods in plain sight from the park   s  Emporium Shop  and walked out slowly until I was caught. It took them 15 minutes to catch up with me. I fully cooperated with the security staff, and I told them my reasons for my actions. My reasons being to high light the lack of personal safety and security within the park, and the fact that all of the security are concentrated in the shops to protect Hong Kong Disney's merchandise. When they caught me I was about to walk back to the shop and return the goods. I had NO intention of keeping the goods. In their INTERROGATION ROOM it was a HORRIBLE  Disney  experience. Harsh, nasty, no empathy, no understanding, a situation I found threatening because I was surrounded by three large security men. There was more security than all of the years I   ve been going there. The attending woman security supervisor ( a  Miss A    a name that sounds like a  musical ) did not care about my reasons. She refused to contact any staff to validate my written complaints. I told her whom to contact and which department, and she refused ! She stated it was another department ! She was robotic and bloody minded ! Her words to me were insulting, and dismissive for the reasons of my actions. She stated to me that they had policies and procedures to follow. I replied that her staff did not follow any policies and procedures when I and my daughter were attacked. She was silent on this. She stated Hong Kong Disneyland will charge me for  theft  and the police will escort me to the Lantau Police Station. She stated that I should take my young daughter with me to the police station because I will be there for a long time. I told her that I could not do that because it will SCARE her. She kept. on saying that  I'm an adult and I should reflect on my actions . That goes both ways ! She lacked the humanity and common sense to understand the reasons for my actions, and she wanted my child to spend hours in a police sation with me ! I spent 12 hours in a police station; and I left at 3am in the morning. Economic loss to Hong Kong Disneyland is ZERO (the goods will be returned to them). Moneatary loss to me will be in the TENS OF THOUSANDS of dollars in lawyers fee's to avoid a conviction ! And all because I was concerned about personal security and safety in Hong Kong Disneyland ! It   s clear to me that Hong Kong Disneyland ONLY cares about protecting (and selling) its overpriced cheaply produced plastic goods. When I and my daughter were attacked NO security personnel ever arrived, but when anybody takes their goods without paying then there is an army of security. The fact that Hong Kong Disneyland wants to prosecute me for my actions shows the true nature and character of the company. Yes I REGRET my actions; I was wrong to think so highly of  Disney  that they would understand my actions and the reasons for it. So much for a  caring  company. My daughter cried for several hours because I was in a police station, and my wife was immensely worried by Hong Kong Disneyland's actions against me. I was told,  by that woman , that I will be banned from returning for a year. Return there after this PHYSCHOLOGICAL TRAUMATIC  Magical Experience  ? HONG KONG DISNEYLAND WILL HAVE TO KILL ME AND DRAG MY DEAD BODY INSIDE THE PARK TO EVER RETURN !Ok, this one will be a short one. You want to visit Disneyland to dream with your kids, right ? Ok then Hong Kong Disney is nothing but the dream.... and why ? Well, the longest queues you will ever stand for, losing your time. Oh and then the dirt on the floor, I will not even go into details, because it is quite disgusting to be honest. The overpopulation in the park and the mass of people make the trip unbareable to be honest. The huge dissappointed and specially when you know Disney Paris, Florida or California... So one good advise. Do not settle for less. Go to the real Disney, dont settle for the mediocre one just because it is nearer......Dont do that to your kids. Well .. Disney is great around the world with their happy smiling staffs. NOT here. The people who works here mostly have sad and angry faces. They will shout Instructions and man handle you if you look like Chinese. Or course if you are Anglo Saxon they treat you differently. What a regret that we choice HKG as the destination for our 2nd Disneyland visit this year. Tokyo was way way way better. Th attitude and behaviour of the ground staffs has made this a horrible place to be.Do NOT take your toddler to Disneyworld. The lines for the very few baby rides disallow strollers and clearly not one of the designers has ever tried to stand in line for 40 minutes with a toddler! Apart from It's a Small Small World , the shows and rides are frightening, especially in   dventure land, so you are reduced to the Fantasyland area where there are two main rides, that are almost impossible to access. Surely strollers can be parked at the end of the queue and not at the beginning? Also impossible to shop as there were too few cashiers and no one to assist on the floor, forcing clients to save questions for the cashier, thereby delaying the lines even more as the cashier had to run around finding correct sizes etc.Disneyland Hong Kong is a very small park compared the ones in the U.S. , very crowded and with very long queues for each attraction.Absolute waste of money spent aud182 for 2 adults soaked from pouring heavy rain with no rides or outdoor parades being operational.With a 2 year old in tow it was horrible. If parades and rides are cancelled how do you expect patrons to enjoy the full potential of a once in a life time family day out? Complained to manager who wouldn't even budge to give money back or discount. Spent $200 at the Disney store, had lunch and enough was enough so caught mtr back to hotel.So annoyed I could have saved $182 entry fee if I had known there was a Disney store in HKG airport.We entered Disneyland at 1pm. The sad thing is they closed all outdoor rides at 1:30 pm. Well they should have informed us before we bought the tickets. We went to Hongkong just to go to Disneyland. The tickets cost us more than 10k pesos (1617 HKD). They already know they're gonna close based on the forecast and yet they still let us buy the tickets. We only stayed inside for an hour or so. We just took pictures and rode the hyperspace mountain and took off. Bad experience. They only want the money... and didnt care if we lose it. On our visit the fireworks were cancelled, the Halloween Event cancelled, there were only two Disney Characters we saw in the park, 60% of the restaurants were closed and we cant access on the web the pictures we paid Disney for. All in all a very disappointing days outing. The park is not what is was and certainly not worth the entrance price.The service staff Manning the queue at Cinderella photo taking spoil the day for my whole family.Incident happened on 19sept2016 at around 1240pm.was directed to push my baby pram underneath the queue line then when I was trying to get under the queue line,the guy then pulled the rope quite forcefully and it hit my head which he did not even apologise but instead he shouted in a very rude manner.pls note that I do not understand Cantonese and I was just following his gesture.Super bad experience manz.doesnt reflect on Disney at all.does Disney encourages violences and rudeness as well as bad service and attitude?The park is far too small for the amount of people that are entering. There are long wait times and queues for everything. Security is a joke   they don't actually tell you anywhere what you aren't allowed to take in which means that nobody knows and this creates a huge queue with people asking why they can't enter with things and arguing about where they can leave things to collect them on the return. The queue management for everything is just a disaster from buying tickets, queuing to get in and out of the park and buying food   it's slow and badly organised and if you go in the summer most of the time you are waiting outside in 30 degree heat. No ideal at all. There aren't many rides and you can probably do every single ride in the park in half a day if there were no queues. There was always a queue for the toilet and they were not kept very clean at all. Food and drink is expensive so I would recommend that you took your own   make sure your drinks are in a plastic bottle. The metro station is about a 5 minute walk from the park and be warned that at the end of the day you will have to wait a long time in complete chaos just to get into the metro station. Not sure why Disney doesn't offer a bus service to the park entrance from the metro station and the buses that take you to the hotels. Buses to hotels were also a complete disaster. You have to wait again in a long queue and the bus stops at the Disney World hotel first and then moves on to the Hollywood Hotel. Not sure why they can't have separate buses as it just makes the journey so much longer. Park was a big disappointment and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Hong Kong has another theme park which is called Ocean Park. It's much better than Disney, better value for money and better organised. Would not return here and would not recommend to anyone.Disneyland is more like Lineland. There are lines for everything ranging from 20 to 50 minutes. It's exhausting with a little one. Even taking pictures with the characters. We stood 45 minutes in line to take a photo with mickey and minnie mouse. The characters in costumes keep taking breaks every 5 to 10 minutes probably because it's really hot and humid. They should have replacement people on rotation for how much they earn. Everything is overpriced and just full on capitalism and consunerism in all its glory. I paid 120 HKD for one helium balloon!!!! Only the food at this one Chinese noodle and rice place was reasonably priced. If your child is over 4 years old, well behaved, quiet, patient, won't drive you crazy trying to buy every Disney item, has no problem with heat humidity and rain, willing to walk by themselves everywhere then Disneyland hong kong is for you! Otherwise better to pay nothing and spend a day at the park! Someone is smoking inside the toilet. Inconsiderate tourists rudely cut in somewhere in the middle of the queue (it happens multiple times). My 3 year old Daughter is not happy because of the long queues. We ended going back to hotel early and decide not to complete all rides.Majority of tourists are inconsiderate! Management should do something.Below was the email I sent to Disney Customer Service, your Director of Guest Experience Services Janet promised to contact me within 5 days BUT she DID NOT. Dear Sir or MadamI am writing this email after my recent depressing and discouraging visit to Hong Kong Disneyland with my mom and my daughter Emma dated 2 Aug 2016. It took several days for me to make this formal complaint because I want to make sure I was not outrageous for the time being but disheartened for good. I do hope you can take some of your time and hear out the story of what happened to us back then.We are Chinese citizens coming from Hainan Province. My daughter is four years old, and she is extremely eager to meet the princesses in person and take photos with them. Hong Kong Disneyland increased the price and Shanghai Disneyland recently opened notwithstanding, we still chose to visit Hong Kong Disneyland because we saw your MARVELOUS advertisement of your wonderful 10 YEARS ANNIVERSARY. We stayed in Hong Kong over the night of 1 Aug and arrived at the Park around 10:30 the next day. However, one hour after our check in when we are queuing up for the raft to the Tree House of Tarzan, the staff dismissed the queue and informed us that all the outdoor activities will be cancelled due to the  3 storm signal. No Cinderella. No Snow White. No Elsa. No Aurora. No Rapunzel. No parade. You cannot imagine how dispiriting and frustrating it was for the 4 year old little girl.It was the first time for Emma to visit an amusement park of its kind. To make this trip colourful and meaningful for her, I spent 8 weekends watching the Disney classic movies with Emma, especially the Disney Princess collections. We chatted over night to discuss which princess she liked the most. We played games together to recreate the scene of each princess movie. Unfortunately, it just turned out that the more you longed for meeting the princess, the more disappointing you got.From then on, at least 3,000 visitors thronged in door and heavily queued up for the only programs left over. We spent at least one and a half hour waiting for the small world. What is worse that we were informed that the park would be closed shortly due to the  8 storm signalI could not just believe it. The dinner was off the record because all canteens and shops in the park shut their doors suddenly. With no restaurants nearby, I had to bring little Emma of 4 and my mother of over 60 back to the downtown without dinner. Not to mention how disappointing we were leaving without seeing the fireworks.I know you would defend yourself using the typhoon excuse, and it is very true, nobody will deny it. Nevertheless, it is your cold heartedness and your negligence that irritate me. Nobody even showed the slightest care for the little boys and girls and the aged. YOU just THREW us out, which is the last thing I can imagine to happen in Hong Kong Disneyland. I cannot understand it and will not accept what had just happened to us. With the modern technology, you should know the typhoon is coming and you know much better than anybody exactly how it will affect the park. It seems to me that you just care more about the number of visitors rather than their expectations and experiences. Maybe you could close the Park for good and post an advance notice, or you could pretend to be sorry and try to be a little bit nicer to your guests, but you chose to do nothing. Oh, I am sorry that you did do something when you made a great effort to kick them out.I chose Hong Kong Disneyland over Shanghai because I believed your 10 years anniversary will be more wonderful than usual; because I believed your staff will be more civilized and more experienced, so that my daughter will enjoy her meeting with princess more happily. Sadly, it is such a fool of me to have believed all this and none of it came true. Of course, it is surely not a trip of empty hand. I   ve learned my lessons: never trust the illusory advertisement. I would love to share my experience with my friends and colleagues who just happen to have kids of the same age like Emma, and I am confident they must be smart enough to learn from mistakes and make correct decisions. Thank you very much for your wonderful service offered to Emma, and she will definitely not badger me again to bring her to any Disneyland around the globe.On a 38C weather ...Pros: not too much people shorter Queue line great service rendered by Duffy & Shellie May shop Suet, helpful and initiate to have interaction with guests.Cons: Dirty everywhere, can't understand if this is Short handed or staffs just not attention to details instead of seeking interaction with guests, 95% of staffs were just Chatting with co workers aside from merchandise shop staffs, See No One Smiling .. Maybe it's Too Hot? But I don't this is a Reason, coz they keep Laughing while they chat totally cannot understand the announcement made in microphone, why are they hurrying what they wanna say?!?I mean we can understand all 3 languages, but I was wondering if staff are just trying to do it Fast or Afraid of talking in front of the mic? locomotive staff even PSSST!!! To guests who cant understand its only a one way train. Shouldnt he tell guest Politely? F&B: most of the Restaurants were fully occupied, went to Banquet hall & have a vegetarian cutlet, main dish & salad were fine, but tomota side dish .... Can be better. but over all, most Impolite staff ever seen ...Louise from Dumbo!!! I took a video on how she work, unfortunately unable to post it tripadvisor, anyway if anyone have a Chance of Experience her Services, you will understandhow Terrible she was. Its just No Passion   world Murdered her parents and she want to Take a Revenge to the world .. Everyone in this world is her Enemy!!!Overall experience: Bad attitude from most of the Staffs, but I do Believe this is a Hong Kong Culture .. Just being Impolite, but if you're Disney, then I guess you're carrying the Brand all over the world, & not just a local theme park.Lot of Space to Improve ... To be a Disney!We have a disabled child in a wheel chair. There was no fast track ticket option or priority line for disabled or wheelchair. The lines for the rides were very long minimum 45 minutes waiting for each ride. When we were waiting in line for a ride, I requested the attendant if we can come ahead in the line as we have a disabled child. She said that we need to provide proof that the child is disabled and need to bring a letter from City Hall that the child is disabled. I said we are tourist, we dont live in HK, how can we bring letter from HK City Hall? She said then we cannot get ahead in the line. My child was in a wheel chair and he has Down's Syndrome. What more proof did this lady want? We had a terrible experience at Disneyland Hong Kong and will NOT recommend this to anyone with a disabled child or wheelchair.Really has nothing much to see, play or even dine. After visiting tokyo Disneyland and universal studio, this is totally not worth my family's timeIt was pouring and they only had 10 indoor rides open! Still have to pay full entry and if the weather got worse they coukd close the park and no refunds or passes given! We opted not to risk the $500 entry fee for just the few low thrill rides on offer.Disappointed to say the least with most of Tomorrow land closed for refurbishment. Not only that but a lot of food outlets were closed as well it was even a challenge to get a drink of water.Take a ride on the train to have a look around only to discover it's just a half journey you disembark and queue again, not that you would bother you only see the fence and trees!If you want to see fireworks go to river fire in Brisbane where Movie world and Dreamworld are better attractions.crowded place. food is expensive. if you wanna ride be prepared to wait for 30 45 min to be seated. so its time consuming to attempt to ride and see all attraction on a day. staff speaks minimal English. don't be shocked cause rudeness is rampant and common.you can bring bottled water inside and small crackers only. but if you are a Chinese national you can bring rice meal!!!!!! prejudice, bias and discrimination at its best!!!!this is not Disney Land it is Disney village... it is very small and not really much to see and do there.... it is really not worth your time or money.. IF it did not have the name Disney attached.. no one would go there.. Disney corporation itself should be ashamed to attach its name to this...Ocean Park is a much more fun and larger park.....go there instead....Imagine Disneyland, now shrink it in half, now shrink it in half again. Make sure you shrink the main Castle down to about 25% as well. Now, all of the rides for people over the age of 10, remove them! Ok, now with the small amount of things we have left, just for fun, let's also close a bunch of rides and restaurants for repairs and renovations! But here's the really fun part, let's charge full price! ($96.00 AUD for one day!) Welcome to Hong Kong Disneyland! Oh wait, let's make sure we charge ridiculous prices for food as well! ($17.50 AUD for a Cheeseburger Meal!) and while we're at it, let's open the place for 3 or 4 hours less per day than other Disneylands! In the words of Walt Disney,  Give them nothing, take from them everything! This is Sparta! I mean, this is Hong Kong Disney!  While we're at it, let's make sure that staff members don't ever smile! Also make sure they never greet you or farewell you in any store or ride or attraction! p.s. bring your own water because it's so humid you'll need about 3 to 4 bottles for the day and they cost $5 AUD per bottle! Also, just be aware that your bags get searched at the entry gate. Also, just be aware that it's not worth going to Hong Kong Disneyland and they should be ashamed of charging the price that they do!If you are American or travel to the US often, skip the trip out to HK Disneyland. It's the exact same thing with literally only 5 10 products that are unique to Hing Kong and those are mostly key chains and t shirts. Just nothing special for a 45 minute train ride out of townThe place is simply overly crowded. You could easily spend 20 mins queuing for almost every popular program, It is a pain when you travel with young kids. The variety of games available is also too limited. Will NEVER go back.My wife and I went here on out last day in HK for a bit of fun, just the two of us. Three years before, we went to Disneyland Paris with out two kids and had an amazing time. Sadly, Hong Kong Disneyland was a massive disappointment. I write this as a huge Disney fan. We have been to Orlando Disney at least five time and it is very hard to believe that this place is even run by the same people. First of all, half of it is closed down. While they say on the sign that the main rides are closed for a few days for renovations, i think this is an outright lie. From the looks of it, one of the two main attractions(the mining cars) is covered in scaffolding and looks to be shut down for months, not days. This effectively cuts e park in half. Plus, at least one third if all the restaurants were closed, resulting in mass chaos at the one remixing restaurant This, but the way, was on a Sunday in AprilI don't know who these people are that say you need two days, but that is absurd. We saw every show and road every ride in about 5 hours on a crowed Sunday. Then, we literally ran out of things to do. And for those of you expecting the the magical experience, you better hop on the next plane to Orlando. The place was filled with overflowing trash bins and miserable employees. And when say miserable, think country fair miserable ( rider is over kid, move on ). I had gone to Disneyland with my 4 year old daughter and my husband expecting it to be a wonderful experience! But it was a rather unpleasant one!The park had shut down some popular attractions without prior notice! The lion king show was called off even the grizzly gulch rides were off a few others weren't working as well!During character meet and greet we were asked to que up and we did but I saw a lot of people were breaking the line n getting in from under the rope! I told the staff there that they shouldn't let this happen but they did nothing abt it just kept saying oh no they have been in line! I was standing for almost 45 minutes in que and the line Infront of me was getting bigger than smaller and they say nobody broke the line! I even called mr Andy who was the rad there and told him but he was quite rude too found him arrogant as he was only speaking n hardly listening so I left without any pictures with my daughters fav characters!Also at the Hollywood hotel no characters came to meet kids as is expected out of a Disney property!they had no great activities for kids and the pool they had was also shut down!We felt rather silly booking that hotel because there was nothing to do!All in all a very bad experience and I don't think I will ever come to Disneyland again!very disapionting unfriendy staff ,take pics of you even askif its free them say yes yes inend you find out you need topayanyway wait wait everywhere about 60 min to go withyour child inside some disney atraction .nobody care you or your child cold faces no kindniss buttomline disney verydisapionting I have had the chance to go to a few Disney Park in the US and in France. I have to say the HK one is extremely disappointing. I would not recommend it if not for families with very young children.I'm very surprised the place was so crowded. Full of china people, especially from the countryside. They are damn rude, no manner and damn inconsiderate.....  The staffs there can't control the crowd, many tried to cut queue..It's clearly for babies. The rides are so junky and getting old. The shows are not as good as they used to be. Period. The end.The pictures taken do not suggest it was a dissapponting and exhausting experience overall. I appreciate one could be very patient to show kids this attraction, but spending 40 50 minutes in average to attend any of those is too much, given their  fastrack  system didn't work for some reason. Nearly 300 euro for 2 days tickets (2 adults   2 kids), far too much for this doubtful  enjoyment  in my view.We were told of VIP treatment for my boy who was celebrating his 8th Birthday in Disney. I tried getting more information via email requesting for assistant but took me more than 5 emails and 4 different persons before i can place an order for a birthday cake and make a reservation for lunch there.We ordered a Disney Birthday cake(taste good) and made a reservation at the Main Street Corner Cafe for a group of 13 people. To our disappointment, NO VIP Treatment at ANY OF THE RIDES; no VIP TREATMENT at restaurant; He did receive a 'birthday goodie bag' from the cake i ordered. BUT, would you consider a party hat, 1 sheet of disney serviette, 1 disposable plastic spoon and fork, 1 colouring paper, 1 balloon a Goodie Bag? Disappointing, very disappointing.My wife had to write in to express out disappointment BUT, the experience there already left us sour....Will we recommend Disney Hong Kong? My review says it all....If you want to see shops full of teddy bears...1 restaurant and some carnival floats then go here.If you want to have something memorable then forget it...most staff cant speak english nor answer simple questions. We were told first that the characters were on a break so no photo opportunity....later we returned after eating at the time they told us and apparently they were on lunch....after the carnival there were queues of people taking 10  pictures each....We got as far as the path to what looked like a castle then went back to the coach area to return to the also awful hollywood hotel...then we took a taxi into HK to eat real food (which doesnt seem to be available in disneyland)At least we know not to return. The park is old and small. It feels like being in a normal American makeshift funfare than in a Disneyland. Majority of the crew members do not smile and look unhappy with their job and role. Food is expensive and lacks variety. Everywhere you go, the park is a vacuum cleaner that keeps wanting to suck up your money instead of bringing joy and fun. It should not be named a Disneyland at all. The worst of all Disneylands that I have visited. Don't waste your money and time on this HK Disneyland and visit a real Disneyland in Tokyo, California, Orlando or Paris. This is NOT a DISNEYLAND !!!Since last year, we have been trying to make a trip to HK Disneyland from Beijing on my son's birthday as Disneyland is our favourite destination around the world.But the encounter on this day might have change our point of view about HK Disneyland.It was little past noon on the 27th of November when we go on the carousel in Fantasyland. Right after the ride was over, my little son ask if he can ride again and refused to get off the horse as any 3 years old kid having too much fun would. So I try to explain to him that it is not permitted and we have to get in line again. At this moment, I caught one of the attendants approaching and I turned to my son and said:  You can ask the lady here if you can ride again. I was expecting the young lady to use the normal friendly Disney attitude to explain to my son that he needed to lineup if he wants to ride again.But instead, she put on a stern face and said:  Of course NOT! At this point, although a bit surprised, I was still thinking that she was putting up an act for me.So I turned to my son and said:  See, you cannot ride again. Let's go find mommy. As you can imagine, my son started crying immediately.What happened afterwards was truly unbelievable for Disneyland.Instead of helping me a least bit to comfort my son, this young lady turned to me in a very rude manner and asked me:   You need to bring him down from the horse, and hurry up! In hindsight, it is very possible that this young lady has mistaken that I was asking to take the ride again. But I must say, even if that was her understanding, was that the way Disneyland treat a 3 years old birthday boy? What happened to the happiest place on Earth?I did not want to make a scene immediately since my son was with me. But I have managed to report this incident afterwards to the gentleman operating the ride at the said time. This whole exchange was conversed in Mandarin, and it made me suspicious if it was her bias against Mainland customers? I am a Chinese US citizen born in Hong Kong. No matter what her excuse was, I found it a truly shameful day for both my favourite destination and my birthplace.You pay an entrance fee and then you have to queue for any ride!!! eventually you end up speding time and money in the stores...Hong Kong Disney land is the worst Disney that I have visited. The total land area is so small, the attractions are so little. The whole place is so crowded. The crowds there are noisy and disorderly. This place have no Disney Magic at all.For someone who has a deep love for the Disney brands, and who has been to both parks located in the United States (numerous times), this Disney Park was a huge disappointment. Every thing was wrong   even the half complete palace! Children were out of control. Parent were too busy playing on their mobile phones to pay attention to their children. I wouldn't recommend this Hong Kong Disneyland to you if you have been to any of the other company's parks.I haven't been to a theme park as bad as Hong Kong Disneyland. As usual long queues. Rides were poor and rough with probably only 2 rides in the whole park suitable for pre teens and myself who loves a good roller coaster ride. More suited for very young children.In short. Hong Kong Disney has nothing to offer for Halloween 2015. Rather go to Ocean Park.Disney went to no trouble at for this years Halloween.The last time we visited for the Halloween program was in 2012 when it was excellent! A scary Haunted Hotel and other fantastic walk through attractions. Lots of actors dressed up in Halloween costume and mingled with the crowds. A wonderful parade of ghostly spectres dancing in Main Street......sadly, that was not to be repeated.2015 offered some really lame entertainment. Ghosts Rising  is a dozen or so actors dressed in white. They walk out and then pose for photos with the crowd. Apparently they are acting out a story. This all lasts for 40 minutes I am told. We didn't stay till the end, it was just was boring. The Haunting of Grizzly Gulch  has an old guy walking on to a stage swinging a lantern. Then 5 guys dressed in black wearing cowboy hats follow onto the stage. Next thing I see one of the Cowboys has a puppet horse...I had seen enough.The final Halloween attraction is  Curse of the Emerald Trinity.  It's the Jungle River Cruise, Done at night with a bit of green fog. Not scary and only done in Cantonese.I'm not sure what changed at Hong Kong Disney, but I will never waste my time to return for another lame Halloween. If they don't want to do Halloween for whatever reason, that's fine. But then don't advertise a Halloween program. My kids were so exited to go. We dressed up and left bitterly disappointed. Such a waste of time. They didn't even turn the pumpkin lights on down Main Street. Very sad.Visited with a friend and her two early teen kids.Honestly the visit was a waste of money and time as the place is rather small with a small range of rides and quite boring.Food choices are very limited and taste terrible, they don't come cheap too.Left after 2 3 hours as the kids wanted to leave.Might work for families with very young children....The place is expensive, food is not palatable, the main landers have no clue what a queue is for. The rush from attraction to attraction and appear to be very rude folks. Ocean park gets you more bang for your buck.The day was plagued by problems. Firstly due to a buyout by Citibank the three latest additions: Toy Story Playland, Mystic Point and Grizzly Gulch, where closed at 16:30   this was communicated in a very jovial  to help you plan your day  kind of way around the park and was mentioned upon arrival. However there was no indication of this simple fact on the website.This was essentially OK because I was able to do multiple rounds of the rides in the soon to be closed areas. However there where more issue:Going for a serviced sit down lunch though was a true challenge: the only restaurant offering something substantial was the Plaza Inn. The food was absolutely horrific and took ages to arrive. The service did not pick up on this either and when I complaint to the server there was a blank stare and an  oh    no excuses where made whatsoever. All in all I wasted more than 90 mintes for 5 or so nasty plates of food, including a cold piece of duck and a  signature  spring roll that seems to consist only of rice paper without any filling. I asked for the bill and this took more than 10 minutes to arrive. After 15 minutes of waiting I put down the money and left   only to be chased by the waitress and a manager and was told I left too little money and should have added 15% for  service . When I told them what happened I was again met with blank stares and without any comment. Lots of other things where closed too including the Tahitian Terrace which had a sigh posted saying it was closed  temporarily , I went in anyway only to be told that this restaurant would open after 16:30   so why not communicate this timing properly with signage instead of giving no indication of what  temporary  might be?After queuing up for an ice cream and deciding and paying for two scoops only to find out there are only three flavors available is also something one does not expect when the website screams  refreshing flavors  you can cool of on at It's a small world ice cream. Worse: the mango ice cream didn't taste like mango at all and was gooey tasting of too much uncooked flour and not at all fruity.Upon returning to Adventureland it turned out that the Jungle Cruise and Rafts to Tom Sawyer (as well as the Tree house) had also closed early: this had not been communicated at all during the day, and since I had focused on the area that was  advertised  to be closed early I was not able to do these attractions either. Attraction staff completely neglected complaints saying these early closings  where part of the regular operating program . The same was true for the railroad encircling the park as well as some character meet and greet areas.Staff did not really look they wanted to be there either, did not take pride in their work and overall morale was very low. There was not endless smiles, no small talk to guests who were first in line and needed to wait some seconds for their vehicle to pull up, there was no  thank you  hardly anyone who made eye contact with you. Totally sub par of a Disney experience, let alone comparable to Disney experiences in Asia or the uplifting and fun atmosphere at Ocean Park.Charging HK$500 on admission and closing 14 of your 34 attractions ( more than 40%) early   (e.g. before posted park closing time) is completely unacceptable and you are a completely delusional operator when you think this is  OK  to be part of your  regular operating day .After complaining at Guest Relations I was told I would be contacted via email: that promise was made more than two weeks ago and is yet to be fulfilled. Mystic Point and Grizzly Gulch are two of the best Disney rides in the world, but a good park experience is made up of more than the hardware, the software is probably even more important and this is what is significantly lacking here. I would not go again.We have visited HKG Disney in couple. The biggest mystery was : how is it possible that even bamboos are artificial? In HKG! In SE Asia! I mean there are so much bamboo growing in this part of Asia that using artificial one is nonsence! DisapointingOverpriced, considering that after entry you need to queue ages all the time to try anything you want. Eventually all the parents spend the day in the shop to make their kids happy. Or at the restaurants. No more.This is our first Disneyland trip and what we have expected is way too high than what we've experienced!We haven't seen Mickey and the gang! The Character Meet locations indicated in the map are all vacant, we went in at 12 NN and left at 9 PM and no Disney Character! My two daughters were so disappointed!Good thing we waited for 1.5 hours (under the hot sun), to see Elsa and Anna   the show was very good though, but considering the time you waste under the hot sun just to go to a ride or a show is not worth with the price you paid to enter Disneyland!All guests are wet with sweat! It is very hot with very minimal shades and blowers! And the queues are hyterical!So many food stalls are closed and the few that are open closed down 2 hours early!And the staff, I think they need customer service training! It is a very hot place with very cold people!Hong Kong Disneyland is a joke! Walt Disney should consider removing his brand in this place!its the smallest Disneyland and there are very few attractions,  not worth its money, too expensive and nothing to do.Ew, no! You don't go to HK for Disneyland. You can take the MTR line that goes to Disneyland and admire the Mickey Mouse shaped windows and handles. Save the entrance fee for something else. Like eating street food or going to Ocean Park.Never again! What a waste of time and money. The park is TINY compared to other Disneylands (we have been to four altogether) and the props, decorations ATC a very poor standard. This is the poor man's Disneyland. If you are thinking of here vs the U.S. or Paris parks, it's not even worth considering Hong Kong. Very disappointing. I'd only go if you happen to have a day free and the kids are bored and have never been to a Disneyland before. Don't take them if they've been as this one is Dismal land!Went on a weekday with my daughter. Crowded.  A lot of people not queue uo properly.  The food was very expensive.  Not a fun day at the Disney.Do not use Viator skip the line ticket purchase. The people at Disney do not know what to do. It took me 30 minutes in Guest Relations to get a hard ticket. I could have purchased a ticket and been inside in under five minutes. Save your money. This is a 0. Took our daughter who was six at the time and she was really disappointed. Huge queues for everything, including loos which are not near the attractions. If you can get to another Disney skip thus one.So looking forward to this, but what a let down. We were going to buy a 2 day pass and so glad we didn't. There is very little to do. Each (land) has only one maybe two rides, most of the show times clash and the food, drink and souvenir prices are way over the top. I always expect to pay a bit more in a theme park but this was just blatant gouging. I can think of better ways to blow $500 hkd and waste a day.There was no Disney experience from the astaff at Hong Kong Disneyland. The food at Plaza Inn was disgusting and the service was none existent.The staff all around the complex had sour faces and no time for patrons.Save your money and visit the NGONG PING much friendlier people.$499 hkd per one adult admission, and on a super busy saturday and on a day full of rain. Only one restaurant catered to us Vegetarians and it wasn't easy to find. Many attractions were out of service for renovation and there was not enough sitting   resting areas meaning you have to stand constantly; very tiring. The few benches we found were placed in the sun   Rain area with no coverings. Considering the millions this place takes in, you'd think they could provide covered seating. Won't be back.Spent the day here wish I could get it back, do yourself a favour and don't waist your time. If you have children under the age of four you might have a reason to go here if not save your money for real theme parks like universal studios or anywhere else for that matter. Please don't pay attention to the positive reviews of this place it's terrible and you will get better value for money on the Hong Kong railway system. Please don't pay any attention to the positive reviews of this place it's not the happiest place on earth far from it. Organization in general is very poor and what should be a day of fun with family becomes a day of suffering and frustration. The only thing I have enjoyed with my kids was the parade and the fireworks. For all the attractions waiting time goes over 1 hour. While lining up there is no way to go bathroom unless through a mountain of people. You have to line up ages for everything, a coffee, an icecream, a bottle of water or a meal. One full day cannot get you to attend more than 4 attractions or shows.Ocean Park beats Disneyland 10 0.This was my third visit to HK Disneyland. I went the first few weeks after it opened and have young children, so have been back twice since. Whilst the kids will love it, the crowds here are out of control and quees to match. When you get on a ride they are very short and the staff are not typical Disney level engaging. They were doing training runs in adventure land not allowing customers to enter the raft every other time, which added insult to injury given the lengthy delays. I saw one set of characters (from Frozen) meeting guests for photo shoots and one piano on a tricycle in around 5 hours. The staff just don't seem interested in the patrons and were more interested in joking amongst themselves.No characters were walking around like I've seen in Anaheim and HK in the past.Very expensive way to access merchandise stores... That seemed to be what HK Disney was all about. We managed to go on two other rides in the 5hours, ate a very average hotdog standing up as there were no seats available in the food halls.There needs to be a limit to the number of patrons that are permitted at any one time (or a substantial reduction to the current limit) as HK Disney is poor value for money and not anything Disney should be proud of.Save your money and go to another Disneyland.Compared to Orlando, California and Paris, Hong Kong Disneyland is a really small parks. You won`t find a lot of the typical rides in other parks. There is no Cinderellas Castle, it is more like a painted wall. The worst is the PHOTOPASS: unlike all the others Disney Parks is that you have only 24 hours to retrieve and buy your photos, not the 30 days given in the other Disney parks. So we went all the way from Costa Rica, and we realized that we lost all our memories just when we came home. They must save all the photos more time like the other Disney Parks.This was my first time going to a disneyland and I never expected it to be that bad. Firstly, HKD is way too overcrowded and they don't limit the amount of visitors there is a day, I believe that 200 people should be the maximum since I only went to a couple of rides: space mountain ( fast track ticket ) , Buzz lightyear astro blasters, jungle river cruise, Autopia, It's a small world, stitch encounter and slinky dog spin. For me, the stitch encounter and the slinky dog spin was the worst because the stitch encounter was basically watching Stitch talk and having a chance of talking to him ( on screen, for children ) and I thought it was a ride, the que was horribly long ( 1 hour on a hot day ) The slinky dog ride was very bad either, 45  minute que to go on a dog ride ( 3 4 laps of a a circle ) which made the ride less than 1 hour. However, I do recommend Autopia, space mountain, astro blastersand the jungle river cruise. On the other hand, the food there was disgusting and dry which costed 98 hong kong dollars ( equivilent to   9.80 uk money ) What a rip off       . The staff had bad manners, the one i experienced was the one in the jungle river cruise. Somehow, they show disrespect to mainland China people since my family and I split the group in half because half of us wanted to rest and half of us wanted to go on rides, so they found a ride and they called us to go and when we reached there they didn't let us through since they thought we were que cutting but my family was at the front of the que and they were talking disrespectfully to my uncle as his first language is mandarin but his cantonese is good. But, when my mum came and spoke cantonese they went silent and let us through. Here we can the see the discrimination between hongkongese and chinese mainlanders. Also, people from south west china have better manners than mainlanders so I don't understand why they think we are mainlanders. Im from the UK and find this a rasict. In conclusion, I found HKD terrible, I do not reccomend HKD to people because of the overcrowded visitors. The positive thing about this trip is that you get to watch the 9:00pm fireworks and get to LEARN YOUR LESSON. The park opens at 8:00 or 9:00 and closes at 10:00 but when my family arrived, there were a bunch of people already there. Also, be careful since you are at risk of having your children lost. From a review of a teenager from the UK.Park is ok can't fault it really. But the whole time being there had been ruined by those from mainland China. Europeans don't waist your time here, stay close to home and go Paris. Try to que for rides I not even joking mainland wild animals will rip you apart to jump the que. they'd use all kinds of ways to get in front of you. shame staff can't do nothing bout it but I do understand why. They rely on them to make money more then Europeans.Worst amusement park ever.  Huge parking fee (120 for motorbike), same for the entrance fee, and the attractions inside are crappy. Food isnt great but that's not what you're coming there for...  Not a good experience.  Ocean park is much betterThere are five themed areas within the park. Each section has one or maximum two high thrill rides, the rest are for little kiddies. There is insufficient seating for those who purchase from the take out vendors (forcing you to sit at an EXPENSIVE restaurant). All food is overpriced. Some staff don't understand English. If there were more rides for older children and adults, this could be a value for money destination. I must apologise as I am comparing HK Disney with Disney Orlando!No animatronics.. no nothing. The mini castle is a joke. When will Disney stop making money with this nonsense? They don t use the technology available today to create magic, as Walt used to do in the past. A forever gone era it seems. They can go on opening gift shops... they don t have the creative gift Walt Disney have.And in Hong Kong it s most noticeable. It s a shame.Take your children to the Science Museum in Hong Kong it s wonderful.We thought Disneyland is supposed to be one of the happiest place on earth but it is definitely not true in Hong Kong Disneyland. We encounter several rude and unhelpful staff especially in the disney shop inside disneyland. The sales staff display bad, unhelpful attitude when my wife ask him question in mandarin nicely. His attitude only improve when she eventually speak to him in English. We can feel the distinct discrimination to Chinese especially to those from mainland. But being in the service industry, this should not even happen. Having been to other Disney theme park in florida and LA, I must comment that the experience in disneyland hong kong is unexpected and disappointed. Your staff just spoilt our day. Lousy!!This park, according to people who worked there, was built with one segment of market in mind: the Mainlanders. The rides in this park, therefore, are not as exciting as the ones found in other Disneylands. The park was built so that people could merely take photos, and walk around as that was what the market research resulted. Save your money for a real one. The place is too crowded, and too uncivilized, and sanitation suffers.I am so glad that I have been lucky enough to go to the parks in the states and Disneyland Paris. This allowed me to compare this park to the others. Our family of 4 with two teens included have now been to all parks apart from Tokyo. Our least favourite park was HongKong in fact it was the bottom of our list by a long way. We disliked the food that may have been the fact that we prefer western style food. The small amount of western food available was poorly done in fact my daughter fed most of hers to the birds. The park itself was clean and pretty but small and the staff lacked personality. The castle was small and I felt lacked the feeling you get from the other parks. We did enjoy the Mystic manor and was my favourite ride, we also enjoyed the addition of the Disney characters in its a small world but apart from that we were disappointed with the rides. My children said space mountain was the worst one in all the parks they had visited. The merchandise available was also boring and lacked variety compared to other parks. If this is to be your first time at a Disney park dont bother save for a little longer and go to one of the better parks. As you can tell I was disappointed maybe if I had nothing to compare it to I would have felt differently.Lots of mainland tourists , even locals jumping queue,shouting,pushing. Screaming kids, total mayhem. Totally bad behavior exhibited by them. Brought my family, thinking it would be a magical moment. Food are heavily overpriced even for tourist standard, service provided by staffs are average. Most looks like students use finish school or waiting for results. Impatient work attitude. Totally opposite when I visited Disneyland & Disneysea Japan. If u really want the magical experience, go Japan.This is an abomination. Hong Kong has the amazing Ocean Park in Aberdeen, which is spectacular, locally flavoured and cheaper. Why would anybody come to this tired tourist trap of a place? I can understand locals coming here as a novelty, but any tourist who steps foot in this place needs their head examined.After Euro Disney in Paris. All those things you hear about park visitors pushing, shoving, shouting and screaming (and not just the kids), allowing children to wee into bottles, spitting, queue cutting, etc are all true. I had small children with me, and during the parade, adults just barged in and stood right in front of them. Perhaps the very hot and humid weather has aggravated it a lot more. But the whole experience is just unpleasant. I have to give a big kudos to the cast members. They are always there to help, very professionally managing situations, and always with a smile (even in the heat!). Tokyo Disneyland is the place to go if you are planning to visit Disney soon.It's so small if there was no line up you can finish the whole place in a few hours. The worse part of this place are the visitors. Many of them are from mainland china. They will elbow the hell out of you to budge in line and argue till there's no tomorrow and ruin your day. You will get stepped on, pushed, spat on, and disrespected every way possible. This place can't be any worse. Don't go with your family if you have any young or elderly. Someone will get hurt. I was full of bruises after a day a the park. One of the most strenuous day of my life for sure.I had high hopes for this visit as this was the first time I was on an out of country trip with my wife and two kids. My wife had previously been to the Disneyland in Tokyo, myself in California. Both of us had positive memories of those prior trips so we were looking forward to seeing our kids experience the same fun.Boy, were we disappointed. The queues were ridiculous   you can never get to a ride without having to line up for at least 45 minutes. And that's for just a 2 minute ride. Moreover, the whole time you're in the queue you have to be: a) alert for other visitors trying to jump the queue; and b) protecting your children from those visitors who do jump the queue. They were rude and showed absolutely zero consideration for small children.  Happiest place on earth  my foot.The heat and humidity   I guess that's just a side effect of the time of year we went there (August). For the overcrowding   maybe it so happened that it's summer vacation for many in the neighboring countries. Nonetheless I thought I'd mention it now so that those of you planning a visit factor these two things into your plans.So with all that rolled up together, the kids were wanting to leave the park in about two hours at a time (my kids are 4 and 3 years old). We went for just two rides in the course of two days   mainly because my family and I couldn't stand waiting in a queue for an hour in the intense heat and inconsiderate crowd.The only saving grace for our trip was being booked at the Disneyland hotel, and taking advantage of the photo op with the characters at the breakfast buffet. They actually will go from table to table and you won't be constrained for time to wrap up your photos. The downside is having to spend more.I may consider going again if it's the cooler part of the year, and on a school day. But from my recent experience alone I wouldn't recommend it.If you want to be tortured and pay for it, you should go to Disneyland in Hong Kong, especially on hot and humid sunny day. I took my daughter as I wanted to celebrate her birthday, I did not even get a single picture with a princess (as she was just leaving for a break). ENDLESS lines for 2 minute long rides. We managed to go on 2 rides, then waited in line for junk food then searched for a seat to eat ...and left ....what a disappointment...We went to ocean park last week, and my kids had so much fun. This was the second and the very last chance I have given to Disneyland.This Disneyland is by far the smallest of all. The place is catered for mainly for the Chinese mainlanders. I estimate that 90% of the crowd are from China. I have no issue with this but I do have an issue with overcrowding though it is not as bad as the one in Tokyo. The average wait in HK Disneyland is about 40  45 min for each rideI had visited this about 10 years ago and I did not notice any significant change in its attractions. They are rude and loud. Eat anything anywhere. I am a Chinese too but just can not understand how they can be this bad. If you have young kid then it is not a place for your family. You really don't want your kid to see or learn anything there.Reaching Disneyland Hong Kong was easy through the MTR. Wherever you are in Hong Kong through the MTR you get off at Sunny Bay and then on to the pink line to Disneyland.This Disneyland is very small compared to the ones in Anaheim and Disney World in Orlando (I have never been to those in Tokyo or Paris).I always describe my visit to Disney either in Anaheim or Orlando as a Prozac pill that will last me for a year. So in accordance, believing in the magic of Disney I thought this will apply to Disneyland Hong Kong. I visited the park on the 14th of July 2014 and it was hot, not hotter than Orlando, but for the life of me I do not know why I couldn   t tolerate the heat.The people there were loud, cut lines and had the most undisciplined children ever.The stands that offer ice cream, popcorn or cotton candy also had dried squid that smelled awful. And guess what? People actually bought that dried squid and ate them and fed them to their kids leaving a disgusting smell during waiting lines. We went to Disney Hong Kong as couple, my husband and I, we tried to stay tolerant but after an hour and half in to the park I wanted to leave. I was so looking forward to the fireworks but I got a massive headache from all the loud speaking people there. Either they were hard of hearing or I had sensitive ears. I did not experience the magic of Disney. I need a do over.not worth the time. I don't really mind if most of the rides are for kids but most of the employees are rude. They make an international company like Disney to have a bad reputation. I don't know if disney trained them that way or HK disneyland has a deteriorating service. Surely, I will not go back even if I have kids. Waste of money. even the food is ordinary.My kids loved most of the rides, but I could not stand the fact that so many people tried to jump the queue. Many people had absolutely no shame at all when they blatantly tried to pass you when the queuing line was moving. When you confronted them politely, they could even be hostile and shouting to you in Mandarin. Several times, I saw one or two people queuing, then at later time, 4 or 5 of their family members suddenly rushed to the front to join them.If not because of my small kids, I would definitely not visit HK Disneyland. My blood pressure rose everytime I went there. Staffs did not seem to do anything about it.We took the kids to this park thinking they would love it (the inner child in us also wanted to go). Of all the disney lands, this one is by far the worst one ever, and I have been to all of them. There is...MoreLast December 2013, our entire family went to Hongkong for a much needed R&R. Everything was doing great as planned, until my niece met an accident in one of Hongkong Disneyland Rides. Due to a technical problem in their Space Mountain attraction, the guests were advise to alight from their seats after it moved a few meters forward away from the platform. The platform now is higher than the original position. Due to the ackward poisition while climbing out, my niece fell and twisted her ankle. She was brought to the first aid clinic for treatment. We requested that she be brought to a hospital for x ray shots and further observations. Now here is where our problem started. Together w  some of my relatives they transfered my niece to an ambulance on the understanding that she will be brought to a hospital. To our surprise, they were brought to a taxi stand, and the ambulance assistant advised them to get off and take a taxi going to the hospital. They want us to fend for ourselves w o any assistance from Disneyland officials. They want us to go to the hospital w o any help from any park personnel. We are tourist and we are not familiar with the streets and how hospital regulations are observed. We felt like we were being sent out of the park ASAP, to take out all responsibilities off their hands. So be very careful while in HK Disneyland, chances are you might get the same cold treatment.This review specifically relates to food within the park at Corner Cafe  Having enjoyed some amazing meals recently at Anaheim Disneyland, and with Hong Kong being the food capital of the world, I had high hopes for the dining experience at HKDL.  On our first...MoreMade a visit to disneyland hong kong whilst on a stop over flight from the philippines to ireland.we arrived at the attraction in the afternoon after a 20 minute cab ride from the airport.My 3 children were very excited.we decided to look for the characters to have some pictures taken we soon came across goofy and my kids were so excited and looking to meet him and have there pictures taken,after 1 or 2 kids in front of us had there picture taken with the character we brought our children forward to meet him we were told by park staff that were in attendance in an aggressive manner that there was no more pictures that it was 6pm after pleading to take just one quick picture they were having none of it.we were totally unaware that this would be the situation that although the park does not close until 9pm the disney characters that make people go there in the first place finish work at 6pm .my wife and i felt very sad and upset not just for our children but for other children also. If we were aware of this we would not have gone.Millions spent building this place but the characters the kids love and want to meet clock off at 6 sharp.what a jokeThis is my 2nd time to the park since 2008 and there are new rides added. It was to be a good experience, but the in flux of mainland Chinese tourists during the Chinese New Year break totally ruined the visit. This specific category of tourists do not yet grasp proper manners, and in pursuit of maximizing their return on investment, they would keep pushing their way and cutting queue at every possibility. Common excuses are some family member at the front of the queue when everyone else are toeing the line. And when you dare to even confront them for cutting queues, they cause a major commotion, and challenge you to a fight. Shame on these Mainland Chinese tourists. As an oversea Chinese myself, I could easily observe these Mainland Chinese tourists are despised at for their aggressive behaviors, and the rest of the Chinese folks (Hong Kong, Taiwan, South East Asia, overseas) generally have way better manners. Disneyland HK really needs to implement stricter rules and penalty to these queue jumpers. They are a total nuisance to everyone else.Food by the way is exorbitant as the park totally monopolized the eateries and have little regards for taste. They would first scan your bags for food before entry and force you to dump any, and once you are in there, the food is 3x more expensive than normal Hong Kong caf  , and taste extremely bad. They have the worst food at the whole of Hong Kong! Total rip off from the park.If there's a choice of zero star, I would have given it just that.HongKong Disneyland is not a kids theme park., it is a jungle. HKD just want your money, they don't care about your satisfactions. They do not limit the number of peoples on the park, overcrowded  every corners ; the rides, the shows, the stores and...MoreDisneyland is meant to be the happiest place on earth. Well, the one in Hong Kong must have the most exasperated parents on earth.The kids alternate between brief moments of joy and long bouts of boredom and frustration.I had expected Disneyland to be crowded and the queues long, but I was relatively hopeful that Disney's vaunted queue management systems and methods would help alleviate that. After all it's their core business. This wasn't much in evidence however. In Disneyland Hong Kong queue management appears to consist of telling the people queuing how much longer they have to wait. The information isn't even up to date. On the Slinky Dog ride in Toy Story Land I was handed a card with the time I'd joined the queue written on it. By the time I'd reached the front of the queue 40 minutes later, and the card was taken from me to record a 40 minute wait time, I'd hazard a guess that the people joining the back of the queue would probably have had to wait an hour.It's true that one can use FastPass, to book a later time and return. In the rides I managed to go on however, the FastPass queues were about a quarter to a third the length of the main queue, so that wasn't working either. It just delayed the main queue even more.Many rides were also not filled to capacity. On the Winnie the Pooh Hundred Acre Wood ride, my little family of three and an infant took up a car meant for six. On the Slinky Dog ride, an additional two adults could have squeezed into the car occupied by my three year old and myself. No wonder the queues are long.There were other irritations   turnstiles to exit some rides, for example. This just means that people pile up at the exits. The entrance to the Lion King theatre was packed with no queue management whatsoever, so when the doors opened, there was a headlong rush for seats. Perhaps the visitors aren't used to queuing, but Disney employees should set out queue lines, remind their guests of their obligations to others, and manage an orderly entrance. My little boy was pushed and jostled, it wasn't a pleasant experience for him.We arrived at the park at 10 am when it opened. We did Adventureland including Tarzan's Treehouse and the boat ride, we saw the Festival of the Lion King stage show, and Grizzly Gulch, and we went on the Slinky Dog ride and the Winnie the Pooh Hundred Acre Wood ride. That was it. We left the park at a quarter to four, and we spent nearly 2 hours in queues.Compared to Ocean Park, where the staff were energetic and helpful, and genuinely wanted to make the experience as pleasant as possible for their visitors, the staff at Disney seemed disinterested and focused on telling people about waiting times. It's a shame; the helpfulness of the staff would have made a great difference to what was ultimately a fairly horrendous day. Save your money, visit Ocean Park instead. It's more fun, more interesting, and cheaper.I'm extremely disappointed with Disney, as at great expense I sent my daughter and her mother to Hong Kong Disney from Melbourne Australia, as it was my daughters dream.She arrived there today(28 August) her twelfth birthday, to be told she's an adult, and they require more money. This has caused distress and embarrassment on the part of my daughter and her mother, and anger and disgust with me.Though every aspect of the trip was booked through a travel agent,and maybe it's a mistake on their part, the fact that Disney can classify a 12yo(Just!) as an adult is saddening.So much for a special start to a special day! Poor old Walt would be turning in his fridge, and Disney should be ashamed of themselves! Spread the word, I will be!Compared to Florida and Paris, it is not good at all.. There were no Disney characters anywhere and it just felt like a theme park that had nothing to do with Disney. The castle sucked too.Our trip to Disneyland was a complete waste of time and money. Most rides had queues of about an hour and the Chinese mainland tourists are incredibly pushy and rude. Granted it was the Chinese summer holidays (which unfortunately we didn't know) at the time,...MoreWe visited HK Disneyland after being sold tickets by our hotel. We arrived at the park and it was just starting to rain, whilst there are covers over the Q Line for those who need to but tickets there is nothing over the Q line...MoreDo not even attempt to go to Disneyland hk during summer. The crowd started in the train to Disneyland from Sunny Bay station. When you enter the park, all you can see is a sea of Chinese tourists. I think Disneyland never bother to limit the number of visitors into the park. Queues for rides are an hour or more under the hot sun. People are standing so close in a queue to each other that you can practically feel each other's breath. Eateries were packed with people and you have to even queue up to use the toilets! We only managed to get only one ride in the 'small small world' because we had to think about our three year old's welfare. We do not want him to fall sick during the trip. We totally enjoyed our hk trip except for the Disneyland. It's a total waste of money. My advice to parents with young kids: skip Disneyland hk totally if you care about your kids! My advice to Disneyland management: if you do not limit the number of visitors into the park, I am sure nobody will want to return to your park a second time.the park was so crowded, that all that we can see is a sea of people. all the rides have long queue of minimum 1 hour. And the August sun was so hot, I lost count on how many bottles of drink that we had. We end up with 2 rides for the entire day: autopia (a lousy car ride) and space mountain (using a single rider line, which is faster).Disney HK is raking a huge amount of money and completely ignoring customer satisfaction.Will we come back again? definitely no (and that answer comes from my kids).I paid two entrance with the credit card, and three days later they charge me 1000Hk dollars more and say that is for a shop or restaurant. I didn't buy anything. The don't have an specific phone number for complaining. And they told me that...Morethey spit and litter everywhere, also noisy tourists. As local we still don't get the point of why we have disneyland the tourist trap of staff trained to give you the commercialized smile and fairytale illusion. You don't see the real Hong Kong there. It...MoreSmall and disappointing. Really not worth visiting. The cable car to get there was probably the best bit.The rides and all the other attractions are created only for kids. We went with an expectation of a similar experience as Universal studios SG. I guess for that you should try the Ocean ParkWe went here on my birthday honeymoon and out of everywhere I visited in Hong Kong this was the worst experience. I absolutely hated it and it spoilt the Disney illusion. The mickey mouse train to and from was the best part of this experience.If visiting be prepared to be pushed out the way and people to queue jump and dirty looks when you won't let people past or you tell them there is a queue. There is no such thing as personal space either. Whilst in the queue the people behind were that close you could feel the spit on your back as they were talking.Save your money and visit ocean park!!Too Small and Overcrowed with Obnoxious Visitors from the world's most populous country who have no manner and don't know what civilization mean.  The place itself is very small (too small) compared to other Disney property around the worldBrought my whole family, kids, brother, nephews and niece to HKD land on Dec 17, 2012. Was my 3rd visit to the park. Off from Indonesia  a 5 hour sky distance from HK  we were all geared up for a full day of fun. Kids were looking forward to it, a full pay off after midterm exams. That morning, we came early with loads of kids' neccessities and my personal photographic gears. Kids' stuff included raincoats, spare clothes  as it was pedicted there would be light showers and for getting prepared for some wet actions. My personal photographic gears included those heavy full frame DSLR body and lenses  as my visit to the park wouldn't be complete without taking some great shots of my family with famous backgrounds such as Disneyland.I packed all those gears in one plane cabin sized roller bag, thinking that it would be too heavy to carry around. What an unpleasant surprise I received from the gate attendant that morning, instructing that I should take out all the heavy gears and leave the roller bag at the deposit counter outside the park at HKD 60 fee. It wasn't the fee that made me upset, but the fact that they commanded me to carry the heavy loads without a roller bag. They even said:  You could take turn carrying them since you have 10 people with you!  What a statement! I thought to myself:  Doesn't she see half of my group consists of children? What a thoughtless statement to have small children carrying heavy loads around while they should have fun riding and enjoying the park's variety of treats and snack? What disappointed me was that there was no precaution whatsoever made to me prior to my coming  whether on the website or at the tickets agency that visitors should NOT bring any roller bags into the park. I ended up carrying all the heavy loads around on my back. Imagine bringing those around for 11 straight hours! I could not enjoy one bit of my visit to HK Disneyland this time, even though still trying hard to take good pictures. We went back home with my back hurt. It was such a hurtful treat from the staff at Disneyland having such a mindless service to visitors like us. I do not know the rationale behind this rule. I could only guess  it could be for security purposes, or commercial purposes. The latter being to stop visitors for not spending to purchase foods offerred from inside the park, if they bring ones from outside.I do not know exactly their reasons, but one thing that had left me with after visiting the theme park, and that is being hurt and disappointed. For those with similar case with me, I suggest they call in first or better still, do not carry heavy loads into the park. You never know what they will surprise you upfront, when they should surprise us during the park experience with great times! I must say that my wife and I had the most miserable experience in the HK Disneyland last Sunday, September 16th, 2012.  I am not trying to compare, though I have gone to the LA Disneyland 7 times.  I fully understand that the land allocation...MoreI have been to many theme parks, this is the worst!They have more retail shops than attractions. You hardly see any other tourists from other countries except those from China. This Disneyland seems to be only suitable for mainlanders. This theme park has no queuing order, staff are not well trained. There is not enough shelter for visitors to take a break especially in Summer. I can't imagine if it's rain, where can the visitors go? There is no staff to control the queue, mainlanders are cutting queue as usual. The park do not control the total number of visitors for the day, it just seems over crowded. Waiting for a single attraction takes more than an hour. You just waste all your money and time waiting and waiting then you got to find out that they have a system called 'Fastpass'. Those visitors who got Fastpass can enter first. This is really ridiculous as who on earth a first time tourist will know where and how to get a fastpass? The park is small and for the services they provide, it just not worth the price and live up to the name of Disneyland.The MTR station also did not provide enough ticketing machine for visitors to purchase tickets. The stupid machine only accept small notes and coins. There is no staff to help you. You have to wait another hour queuing to finally get your train tickets. The train station equally sucks!Overall, you just felt like after they took your money, they just leave you to die. They don't even care if you had fun or can go home safely.My final advise; this park is only suitable for the locals and visitors form China. Don't even think about it.It is small with significantly fewer rides than Disneyland CA, Disneyworld, or Eurodisney. Other than the food you would have no idea that you are in HK. even the t shirts are boring: put on Mickey and then add  Hong Kong . Space mountain was here is a line, wait, here is the ride. That is it. Nothing to entertain while in line. Sterile. The Lion King show was the best part of the visit.Save your money and skip it.Loads of Mainlanders  try to avoid this if you can  Never go there during weekends  an expensive place  No discounts ever offers  smallest in the worldIt will be difficult not to be disappointed when visiting Disneyland Hong Kong. The problem lies in people's expectation and perception of a Disney Theme Park over the years through various media, or through physical visits to actual sites such as Disney USA, Disney France and Disney Japan, so it is highly likely that one will have high expectation prior to the visit. There are many negatives when compared to other International Theme Parks:1. Small when compared to other Disney Theme Parks;2. To crowded (long queues when paying for shopping or waiting for rides);3. Too many mainland Chinese tourists (and many will consider them to be 'rude', i.e. jumping queue, sticking closely behind you when queueing, etc);4. Insufficient and lack of cooling ventilation equipments when queueing outdoor or in shops (should install water cooling fans in all strategic outdoor locations like at Universal Singapore) I have been to many Theme Parks all over the World and my visit to Hong Kong Disney in August 2011 was considered one of the worse for the reasons stated above. My family and I did not enjoy the experience, and we felt like suffocating be it indoor or outdoor due to lack insufficient of fans air con. We paid for the entrance fee, walked in and out without taking up any events or rides. My advice is to lower your expectation prior to your visit; be prepare to accept those negatives stated above; and you may find yourself enjoying the visit more than me. It's better to visit in cooler months. If you have been to Disney Japan, France and US, then you won't miss much by skipping the trip here, save the cash and time by visiting other Hong Kong attractions instead...Coming from a person who has been to Disney Land more than ten times, Epicot more than 3 times, and Animal Kingdom once; this park was horrifically horrible. This was not a theme park built with the intention of you going to have fun time on roller coaster and playing games. This was a park built only to have you spend money because the entry way was a line of stores. The rides, there are very few and they were not anywhere near the caliber of the rides in the states. No one would go to the parks In Florida and California with those rides. The characters were barely there, you would wait in line to take a photo, and the courtesy wasn   t even there to inform you that someone would be the last or that the character was leaving. The colors of the costumes are drab; the staff people were not friendly. It just left a sour taste in your mouth. If you have never been to a Disney amusement park you might think this park is ok or wonder why people enjoy going to the park multiple times. If you have been to a Disney Park and are one of those people who want to visit each and every one of the parks, skip this one! I usually go to the park when it open and stays until it closes but I was in and out in less than 3 hours!X3 kids, 7,10, 12, extortionate price, very small, poor rides, ages in queues, should have gone to Jade Bhudda or Ocean world instead, biggest regret and waste, kids agreed! Chinese music, very chinese, not disney like, didnt see characters, no Disney music other than in Toy story world. many people save for a lifetime to go to disneyland. dont waste time going to hongkong.in december 2011 there was no waterworld.absolutely boring. nothing much for teens to do or see.waste of my time and money. full of retail stores selling souvenirs of characters.yes sell souvenirs but is that the only attraction. the kids were bored..........11 years 9 years and 16 years old.quite the opposite of the real world! never understood what people see in it!We were done in Disneyland in 3 hours, rides included. How magical. (We appreciate the lack of queue and crying children.) Considering that it takes some time to get from the city to Disneyland, it doesn't seem that worth it to go at all. Skip this and perhaps try Ocean Park instead.Why else would the food be so disgusting? I had a bowl of Japanese noodles that cost twice what it would have costed outside of disney, but tasted like a bowl of instant noodles with too much MSG (imagine that). The burger was like cardboard and the fries were from a few days ago (or maybe it was just a special flavor). The smoke Turkey leg was dug out of the back of a storage room left forgotten since grandpa was a lad.Disneys in the US and Paris both offer decent food. Not sure what happened to Disney in HK. We left only after the fireworks, so we were all starving. But we would rather starve then eat the crappy food at Disney!!! Why does it have to be a lose lose situation? Give me reasonable food, then Disney can make money and I can leave with a full tummy!This Disneyland are full with some disgusting people.There is no LINE between all these people and we have to wait for every ride as far as 40 minutes to 1 hour to get a ride , and the wait is not WORTH it than a ride for 40 SECOND and about the MAXIM restaurant inside the Disneyland are THE WORST, THE BADDEST, THE YUCKIEST, THE JERKIEST, THE RIPPEST MONEY from all of my experience restaurant EVERRR!!!!I don't think I will go back in my life to this restaurant and I am regret to eat at this restaurant with almost 500 HK$ for NO TASTE NOODLE, and for 9 pcs BBQ pork skin, and 12 pcs BBQ PIG, and the Shrimp Ball order was came with no Fresh Shrimp taste at All, The Shrimp Ball was smells not right, and their bill come with 10 % service chargewith NO SERVICE AT ALLLL!!!! Horrible... and I will not be back...sorry that's not my good experience..Went there to check the place out on my own. Walked around the whole place (strolling   not hurrying) it took only 15 minutes   YES, I am not making a mistake   15 minutes. Obviously if you take your kids and queue for the rides etc... you will spend longer but the place is so small it can only be described as pathetic.We are absolute Disney fans. Having visited this Disneyland years ago and Paris Disneyland many, many times, I found our day at Hong Kong Disneyland very unimpressive. The western food in the restaurant was inedible and we had asked staff where we could get the best possible lunch. Then I thought that a chicken pie from the bakery would be ok... however, the filling was yuk and the pastry sweet as for an apple pie. I have lived in Shanghai, so am very accustomed to tourists from this part of the world, but the pushing and shoving that we received was really unacceptable. Getting hit in the head by umbrellas whilst watching the parade when not being shoved is not fun. It was really not worth the three train rides nor the entrance fee. I cannot believe that Disney headquarters allows this place to continue using the Disney brand. It is so NOT a Disney experience.It is definitely not worth the monney you pay and the time you spend to reach the park : the park is only 25 fo 33% of a normal park (ONLY 3 THEMES PARKS). If you want to go with the family, better go the Ocean Park.Don't get me wrong, I don't mind to visit a small theme park as long as I can enjoy it. Disneyland Hong Kong do have the potential. However, the visitors are horrible. They keep pushing and use umbrella in a way that dangerous to taller people. Worst, at the  Small World  attraction, there was a woman let her around 5 years old kid to take a poop on a plastic bag! Yes the queue was long, but it is not an excuse for such unruly behavior. My suggestion, apply strick rules on the park and train the staff to warn the visitor!Loath the experience there due to its small size the rude mainland chinese who cut queues by sending a rep to every queue and an entire group cuts in to joins the single representative. Real ugly.Hong Kong is hot in the summer and very humid. Queuing up 45 minutes with two young children is not fun. And that is just to get in! Queue for tickets, queue for baggage search, queue to get in. If that how it is on the outside you can imagine what is like once inside. A 45 minute queue for a 60 second ride is not my idea of fun although some people may not mind this. Also, paying $285 for a 3 year old who cannot go on quite a few rides is just a rip off. The day is also marred by overpriced rubbish food and drinks, rude people pushing in the queues, jumping over barriers etc. whilst emplyees look on. This is not the first time I have been there but will certainly be the last for sometime. An hour there and back too just compounds the whole bad experience. Save your money and go to Ocean Park!Give it a miss. A second day at ocean park holds more appeal. And costs half as muchHong Kong Disneyland is horrifying. We went there for the Chinese New Year weekend and the place was full of the most disgusting, crude, rude, and pushy guests. This is true for any attraction. There is no  line , just a wave of people shoving forward. We went all the way from the US to see this place. Don't waste your time and money.Some behavior:  Dozens of people doing their laundry on Main Street USA. These were adults washing their own things in buckets, using strollers to line dry.  Open Public Urination of grown men outside.  Sexual assault and groping of other folks in line.  Grown adults pushing toddlers over to get to the carousel.  Check out the photo. It is worth a thousand words. (Man squatting on child's stroller, while picking his nose, in red bow mouse hat.)  Pushy, Shoving, and Crowding in line  A man threw up some phlegm to his mouth, spit, and hit a food cart.  Parents telling their children to crowd in line so that they could join them.  Guests in their 20's, 30's, and 40's pushing elderly people over.The positive things are that the Maxim's restaurant was delicious. The public transportation has a Mickey Mouse train, which is very cute. They have a nice parade. However with such a poor line layout and no security staff enforcing civility, I don't see how things could improve.The best way to describe this is that my kid was horrified. She cried when we said we could go to Disneyland again. I now think of Hong Kong Disneyland as a way to traumatize children.Was there during the Christmas holidays. The entire trip was marred with sickening service and bad experiences. Was staying in TST for 4 nights before moving to the Disney Hollywood hotel. The hotel was okay. Something between a budget and boutique hotel. what saddens me is the theme park itself. The is no magic even to my kids. The staff there are mostly sulking (maybe because they need to be working over the holidays). Responses are mainly read from a script, sounding like a broken monotonous record. There were 2 highlights that I wish I would forget.....Rented a stroller for my little one. Was served by a frowning staff, handed over a HKD$1000 note but was given the wrong change (HKD$500 less) asked her and was given a good screaming!! she then cursed in cantonese and insisted that there is no HKD$1000 note with her and that I am stupid to have given a HKD$500 note. Highlight number 2 was when we were queuing for the 3D show when a bunch of Indian nationals cut to the front of the queue. Informed the staff and they adamantly inform that there is no queue regulations and continued to chat among themselves. The queue cutters then retorted that they are blue blooded and that is their rights to be in the front of the queue. The staff then grinned and nodded and continue their small talk among themselves.Worst nightmare ever....never ever go there.....better stick to Tokyo or US.We visited hk Disney on the 26th and 28th October 2010. Despite most people recommending one day at this park due to it's size we chose two because , when we visited Disney in LA in 07 we spent 10 days and weren't tired of it at all. We also thought it would be fun to take our kids to the Halloween celebrations at the park, which were only thurs sun. The park looked just like it's LA counterpart, and almost felt the same. It kind of lacked something though. Rides are really aimed at younger children as the only big ride is space mountain ( and it had the shortest lines! Go figure). Immaculately clean, but there just wasn't that wow factor I expected. The extra Halloween attractions were not at all what we expected. The haunted hotel, which we thought would be along the lines of a more temporary version of the haunted mansion in LA terrified our kids, aged 9 and 10. There were people dressed as zombies etc jumping out and screaming in the kids faces, along with a blood stained lady who ran at the kids with a man being hung (twitching on the rope!) behind her. Kids cried all the way through it and one had nightmares. That to me wasn't the spirit of Disney at all and I was very disappointed. All in all, nice park, especially if you haven't done Disney before, but to me lacked magic.I understand that normally people plan their tour with many hopes of entertainment and have fun of their tour especially when one think of Disney Land.We had been to many places of the world including USA, Singapore, India, South Korea and so on...one of them was Hong Kong and we had very disappointing time. I lost my full mood of the tour when my 11 yrs old son expressed his frustration at night when we were moving out from HKG Disney Land. He said,  Pappa it was total waste of time and money we had today .HKG Disney Land is worth not visiting. Their service is very poor, presentation is of no class, performances have no good expressions on the face of artists. I think they are more tired by end of the day so unable to present good.Their maintenance is felt to be not planned. Also, they even do not care to update such information on their web site. So that we can plan other day and do not miss such ride spot. They took 100% ticket charge from us and the day we visited 2 important attractions were under maintenance and one attraction we could not see because during all the scheduled time it was full. Their staff even did not bothered to accept our request to allow my 1 yrs child alone. So even if we missed it we do not care, but our child can appreciate that show................really sad experience.I recommend to have experience of Everland near Seoul, South Korea. Your time of 9 AM to 9 PM and money both will be refreshing worth of fun and joy. Being not a very known place to many, but an experienced tourist will realize what is difference in the service, presentation, quality of spots etc. between HKG Disney and S. Korea Everland.Bhautik V. VaidyaThe disney in hk is so small and quite expensive we paid 175 usd around for 1 day entry with 2 kids 4 and 6 yrs there was hardly any thing inside . seems quite a waste to go there ocean park was 100 times better than hk disney landVisited HK last week with my kids (10&12 years) who are really keen amusement park fans. We had high hopes for the HK Disneyland as we know how their other resorts can be. But what a lettdown it was: park is small, the only proper ride is a short indoor coaster! All other rides are for small kids, aged 2 8 years at most. The park is full of merchandise shops with overpriced souvenirs. For kids of age over 10 years, the park offers amusement for 15 minutes   what a rip off! Enjoy the plastic elephants and crocs in Adventure Land... The next day we went to Ocean Park   that we can recommend! Great rides etc, do not miss that. Avoid Disneyland.The park was a maaaajor disappointment for us adults. It only had one ride for adults   the famous Space Mountain   & that was it. And all the attractions were miniature sized! There was no variety in any of the services ranging from food to shopping. And everything was overpriced including the tickets. We arrived at the park at 10am, and left by 1pm. There was nothing to do there. A waste of precious time & money.Visited the park a little while ago   can not believe why people think it is a good park. The only worthwhile ride is space mountain   all others are rehashed, watered down and worse    MISSING. Can not believe why this park could be called Disneyland when a majority of the classic rides are missing.In my humble opinion, what constitutes a disneyland park MUST include:1. Castle. Check. HKDL has the smallest one! Just look at Tokyo and Orlando, not to mention the beautiful Paris castle. Even the smaller castle in LA is gilded and looks much nicer, even though it is 50 years older!2. Dumbo. Check. Smaller ride capacity than the Orlando version3. Small World   MISSING   It is available in different incarnations on ALL other disney parks! This is absolutely unforgivable.4. Pirates of the Caribbean   MISSING   This is probably the most classic disney ride   again, unforgivable5. Haunted Mansion   MISSING   Again unforgivable. Absolutely classic Disney ride6. Splash Mountain   MISSING   This is one of the best rides, unfortunately people who come to Hong Kong will never experience it.7. Big Thunder Mountain   MISSING   Another absolutely great ride missing8. Peter Pan   MISSING   Can not believe this absolute kid's favorite is missing. In other Disney parks, kids would queue up to 45 minutes to get into this ride9. Space Mountain   Check   have to say this is one of the best incarnation   the only good ride in the whole park10. Jungle Cruise   Check   this is a watered down version, no caves or temple for the boat to pass throughALL other parks   Tokyo, Orlando, LA and Paris has ALL OF THE ABOVE. Seriously, a park should not be called a Disneyland when any of the above is not present. This is serious deception on Disney's part. I hope they will quickly rectify the situation or continue their downward spiral. No wonder they did not meet the target attendence numbers. I would have travel there with my family at least once a month if they built it like the other Disneyland parks.Also many other attractions missing: Enchanted Tiki Room, Star Tours, Snow White, Alice in the Wonderland, Country Bear, Fantasmic, and ENTIRE SECTIONS COMPLETELY MISSING: Liberty Square New Orleans Frontierland and Absolutely NO ToonTown!   A very, very Dissapointed Disney FanII went there with a friend and our two 3 years old children.I have been to all Disneyland parks in the world (Orlando, California, Paris and Tokyo) and this one is far from the worst in all categories:First of all, the staff is awfully rude and unfriendly.  The greeting  at the main gate resembles more a scary custom check than a welcome to a fun attraction park! Don't expect anyone from the staff to smile or to be cheerful there; they have simply not been trained for that!The service in the shops and the restaurants is equally horrible!And yes the guests, mainly Mainland Chinese are quite undisciplined but I was expecting worse and at least they were the only people who actually smiled at our 3 years old kids!The queues are long and the attractions are quite boring. It's not a children friendly place; so avoid this park, especially if you travel with very young children. On the bright side, the park is very clean. My advice, if you want to go to Disneyland, the best ones in terms of service and attractions are in the United States (Orlando   s Disneyworld No1 and Disneyland Anaheim No2).My advice to others Keep away its not cheap and not worth the money. Not enough rides and waiting time per ride are around one and a half hours. I was expecting something Magical:0 but Horror :() Trust me you dont want to on a 35C heat during the day with your little kids. If you are in HK I would recommend Ocean Park much more rides and much cheaper.Was there a month ago with my three kids   what a dissapointment. My kids' favourite rides in Disneyland Magic Kingdom is: Haunted Mansion, Big Thunder Mountain and Pirates of the Carribean. Guess what? They are not in this so called  Disneyland !!! Totally ruined their expectation. Ended up leaving the park early and decided to never return. We got a second day free since we were staing at the Hollywood hotel   kids does not want to return for a second day and we ended up in the hotel's pool instead. If you have been to other disney parks, dont bother with HK disneyland. If you have never been to one, save up and go to a REAL disney park like the one in the US or Japan. Even the Paris park is lightyears ahead of this one.Missing:: Big Thunder Mountain, Splash Mountain, Haunted Mansion, Small world, Star Tours, Peter Pan, Tom Sawyer, Snow White, Fantasmic and many more, oh, also no evening parade!!!Disney must think people in HK just like to walk around aimlessly in the park and not want to be in any attraction. Sad.This park is totally not worth your money. If you have a choice, go to the Tokyo park which is only 3 hours away by flight. The tokyo park has about 100 more rides and attraction than the HK disneyland and the cost is about the same!They should never call this park Disneyland. What a sham!HK disney is boring  go ocean park  go la disney  but dont go hk disneyWhat a waste of time and money. And to think I was planning on bringing by teenage kids. I went with a mate of mine who happened to be here at the same time. If you are over 8 years old, then there is nothing for you here. There is one roller coaster, Space mountain, that can only be described as LAME!!(my kids favourite word) with banked turns there are no G forces at all. And that my friends is it. Nothing else at all. No other rides that suit anyone over 8. The Dumbo ride is the next most thrilling ride and caters for anyone over the age of 2. Food is terrible. I just didn't eat in the end and I live in Asia so it isn't like I don't eat Asian food. The park is too small, the rides are hopeless, the food is awful, we didn't hang around for the fire works at we would have had to wait another five hours and we were sick of it by then.If you decide you have to go, a morning or afternoon will be enough. I am so pleased I didn't bring my 2 teenage boys from Singapore to HK and waste 2k on planes and hotels. they would not have been happy.One positive note, the park was nearly empty so very short queues. Not a surprise in hindsight.My husband and I took our 2 kids and it was the worst experience of our lives. Mothers take heed, you will be endangering the lives of your children should you bring them to this modern day Sodom and Gomorrah.First off, the park is poorly designed and incredibly miniscule. There are hardly any rides, and as you can imagine, with this few rides of course the lines are ridiculously long. Expect to wait 3 hours and more for even the worst of rides, though no  great  ones even come to mind. I truly believe that they built this whole park around the fact that it has Space Mountain and felt like it was enough to cheat their  ignorant  clientele into believing this is the real thing. This is NOT a real Disneyland, not the type I grew up with. This is at best an ultra mini version, and if anything, they should have made the ticket prices ultra mini as well because there is no way in hell the experience was worth the ticket price.But speaking of clientele, this may have been the worst thing about Hong Kong Disneyland. Before you think I am the squeamish type, my parents were in the Peace Corps and our family traveled all over Africa and South America. I grew up seeing decay and disease, and I can say I have never seen a greater cesspool of human waste and potential for the spread of disease as I did at Hong Kong Disneyland.My husband gagged and nearly threw up when he went for a drink of water to find feces in the drinking fountain.We saw a mother help her little boy with his trousers while he urinated next to a food stand.Smokers EVERYWHERE. Mind you, we're at Disneyland, not on the city streets where smoking in public is repulsive is enough. My husband and I nearly lost it when a man BLEW CIGARETTE SMOKE into the faces of our children!Mind you, we alerted Disney staff to these infractions and they DID NOTHING! It was unbelievable. It's like they were either very poorly trained or they were instructed to turn the other cheek.We found it irreprehensible. How park officials could let people smoke in public around children, blow smoke into children's faces, no less, and still consider themselves  kid friendly  is beyond us. Worst, this is DISNEYLAND! Yes, smoking everywhere is permitted at Hong Kong Disneyland.There were hundreds of other unsanitary and unsightly things that we encountered during our visit, almost too many to mention. We've never seen such outwardly anti social public displays ever in our entire lives. Wiping exposed underarms with bare hands and then smelling the hand, putting up bare feet everywhere on park benches and then rubbing and picking at the toenails, it was so disgusting. At times, you would think you were toiling away at some chicken farm instead of spending your holiday at Disneyland. The most shocking thing is that with the new outbreaks of bird flu virus predicated to happen any day now and possibly the re emergence to a more deadly and untreatable version of SARS, that there could be such horrid public sanitation and behavior at of all places, Disneyland!When you consider that SARS was originated in this part of the world from precisely this type of unsanitary behavior, and when you are among the 30,000 people packed into a space that is a third the size of Disneyland in the US, and people are urinating on the street and defecating in the water fountains, that you are in fact HIGHLY SUSCEPTIBLE to these type of diseases, whether it's SARS or H5N1 bird flu.What's more, Hong Kong Disneyland is like a hot box of second hand cigarette smoke for children. So either you are exposing yourself to the dangers of highly contagious fatal diseases brought on by unsanitary conditions and human behavior, or to preventable diseases such as cancer by inhaling second hand smoke when you visit Hong Kong Disneyland.Besides these factors, this place is supposed to be fun? Yes, but unfortunately, this place is as close as a family on holiday can get to the burning gates of Hell. DO NOT VISIT HONG KONG DISNEYLAND!I   ve been to Disneyland several times in the past 3 decades. This visit, I sensed the employees were disgruntled or unhappy. Very few smiles from the staff. In addition, the staff was prowling for people crossing the ropes while Fantasmic was on. Why do we need a Fastpass to enter to watch the Fan tasmic show when everyone has been situated and there is tons of space for paying customers without a Fastpass? See attached picture. Through the whole show, the entire space was unoccupied while there were 5 8 yr olds next to us straining to catch a glimpse.If you wanna pay $129 to stand in line for hours to ride an average of 9 rides that last 3 to 11 minute, this is the place for you. Disneyland has become so greedy that they overcrowd by double capacity just to make money without a care for their customers. It   s ridiculous to have minimal places to sit and rest with this large of a park. I highly recommend Universal Studios VIP pass over this mess.To all who comes to this happy place, welcome. Well Walts vision has been lost along the way over the past few years as this is my third and final trip to Disneyland. I have never experienced so many rude and obnoxious staff throughout the park as we did this time. If the staff are that unhappy with their jobs or pay then step aside and give a job to someone who wants to work. Disney has just turned into a massive cash cow who can't handle the large crowds but keep jamming people into the park until it becomes uncomfortable. We were fully aware of the large crowds of the Christmas period but disneyland promoted activities for you to enjoy and when we arrived at these events people were being moved along by staff, saying that you cannot stand there.Disney have made WiFi available in the park aswell and this just leads to people not watching where they are going because all people are doing is looking at phones instead of watching where they are walking.Do yourself a favor and go to Knotts Berry Farm, its a lot cheaper and not as crowded.I am really disappointed with Disneyland.Old, tired, over crowded and prices are simply a money grab.The fast pass is a rip off and only allows you to reserve a ride every 2 hours.Fast pass again is a money grab that allows people to pay extra money to jump the queue in front of other customers. This is so wrong on many levels. Honest paying customers having to wait in line longer while others jump the queue. I absolutely hate what the fast pass allows. It makes my blood boil as these rich people jump the queue ahead of me. From listening to others in the lines, others agree. Poor form!The characters are hardly seen, forget a photo, there are so many people.Admission price, really.. very over priced. 2 put of 10 starsThe max pass worked ok for Disneyland but not California Adventure. All the fast passes are gone within a few hours so it is a waste. The new system has doubled the wait times in the stand by lines because as they will tell you  fast pass riders have priority.  Under the old system you pulled a fast pass ticket for free. When you time to use it came you stood in a short line. While you waited for the fast pass time you stood in a line. Now you either stand in a line for fast pass if you can get one or you stand in a line with a few hour wait time. This was all a scheme for Disney to make more money and in the end it made things worse as far as wait times go.Came for Anniversary Trip, Rides were extremely long. Couple of them broke down. The castle was under Construction and no where does it even state this!!!! Some people come for the Whole Experience! What a huge Disappointment for the large amount of money you spent! Visited both parks and were extremely overcrowded! I   m so happy to see you are making it NO SMOKING, Maybe you could make it an Adults only Morning Admission sometime?? I have 6 kids and we went for a little getaway and gift to each and it was not even what we thought! My experience at the other park was the worst! I was knocked over by a little boy! Just horrible, it was a horrible visit! This truly is not the    Happiest place on Earth   !!!!Extremely long wait times and short ride duration. Posted wait time 150 min and ended up waiting for 2 and 1 2 hours at Cars ride. Fast passes out by 10 am. Some staff helpful but normally looking like they would rather be somewhere else. Food costs high and again staff    unenthusiastic    at providing assistance. We   ve been to Disney Florida, Universal Florida and California and have never encountered wait times like this. There is no entertainment, no updates on wait times or staff available when waiting in these lines, just the same tracks of music playing over and over. Very disappointing way to spend the day and lots of money.No les recomiendo visitar Disneyland esta bien ocupado y las lineas vien largas mas de dos horas es ridiculo y los tickets bien caros uno trabaja bien dura por su dinero no es justo que cobren tanto. Espere mad de 2 horas para el juego de carros radiators spring para que me dijeran que se desconpuso. No se los recommiendo no es gusto para uno como papa tener que esperar tanto. really busy and long wait for rides. We waited 2 1 2 hours for radiator springs racer just to me told the ride was not working they gave us a fast past but still its ridiculous. We had 3 day park tickets so we went the next day and got a fast past to avoid the issue of waiting when our time came the fast past line was long and the wait was 45 60 min we could not wait as we had to leave.There was a lot of people and tickets are so expensive as an adult I would not want to visit Disney again your better off visiting Six Flags.We visited Disneyland in October November 2018We bought our 4, 5 day passes online and due to an error online, we were unable to buy the Canadian rate discount and were charged full rate (about at $400 error)Called Disneyland and told them what happened online. Talked to 3 different service agents at different times. (2 agents were rude, the last nice) All they would say is sorry, last agent said try the credit card company or talked to the front gate customer service.MasterCard said the transaction had already been processed Went to the front gate... More sorry nothing can be done here, go inside and talk to Customer RelationsTalked to Customer Relations, just more sorry we can   t do anything from another 2 agents I have been to Disneyland over 50 times since 1977, I WILL NEVER GO BACKThe whole experience ruined our trip, be Warned: Disney is a corporation and only cares about their bottom lineCindy is by far the worst employee i have come across in the 26 yrs I have been going to disneyland. She was working at the red cart which sells corn dogs. She lied to us and was super rude when we found out other people had ordered the exact thing we were trying to (which she claimed was not possible). Seriously disneyland needs to hire nicer people if they are going to advertise disneyland as the happiest place on earth. So disappointed in cindy and the way she treated us.Oh my gosh!! Where do I even begin. We drove to LA from Northern Alberta, Canada. We decided to take our three teen preteen children. What an awful experience!! From the grumpy parking man (we parked preferred), man at the ticket office implying that maybe the max pass add on was too expensive for us, to the even grumpier older blonde haired lady wearing black tuque named Cheryl scanning tickets and taking photos. It was awful!! The Castle is under construction, so there   s a tarp with a cartoon picture of the castle. Definitely not the same! Everything in the park is way overpriced, unless you   re a Season Pass holder. Most of the rides were down today (Feb 20th) and some breaking down and the ride operators were so rude when letting us know that the ride was shut down. Seemed like they hated their job and I noticed all of the negativity and so did my children. We rode 3 rides and decided that enough was enough. We left in the worst mood and what a waste of money!! We spent $720 USD which was close to $980CAD for 3 hours! The staff needs a reality check and learn some workplace positivity especially when you work at Disneyland!! I first went to Disney 30  years ago. It seemed a fair, happy place back then. I revisted last week and the attractions were the same. It looks like the place is stuck. The people visiting seemed stuck too. No healthy food, mostly expensive fast food. Long waiting lines, for tired rides. I hoped they had updated it is a small world, but no, it looks and felt sad and tacky. Go for a walk in the park or take your kids to the ocean. Don't waste your money on this place. Dreams are not coming true any longer.I know it is all about making money; but our day was ridiculous and a complete waste of time. Not only did we pay for the upgrade (don't waste your money) to help with the lines, but we got there when the park opened ... it made no difference. They need to limit the number of guests and that is the bottom line. How much money do you need to make in a day when people are waiting 2 hours to get on a ride. Travelling from Australia with my wife and two kids,including Disneyland in our trip was a must ... but it was the biggest let down of our holiday. I would encourage anyone to go to any other theme park as sadly Disneyland is simply not worth the money or the time that you waste waiting in line.My husband and I planned a trip with our toddler and infant to California for the first time in February 2019. My Mom mentioned that this was the quiet time for Disney and she bought my daughter a 3 day pass for her third birthday (so we also had to buy 3 day passes for ourselves costing over $400). What a mistake. We were done with Disney after just one day. All you do all day long is wait in lines. You   ll wait in line to get into the parking lot, then you   ll wait in line to use the elevator in the parking lot (only 2 elevators in the entire parking garage for a park that accommodates 44,000 people, most of whom have strollers or wheelchairs), you will then wait in line to get to security, and then wait in line at security to be screened and to have them dig through all of your belongings, then you will wait in line for the tram, then you will wait in line for tickets (if you didn   t buy them beforehand online), and then you will wait in line to FINALLY get into the park (all of this usually took about an hour minimum). Then you will wait in line for a ride (sometimes a 2 hour wait), then you will wait in line to meet a single Disney character (usually a 30 40 minute wait), then you will wait in a line for crappy overpriced food, then you will wait in a line to see one of the shows, then you will wait in line to use a single change table in the washrooms (there should be more than one change table in the washrooms at a children   s theme park), then you will wait in line trying to buy a souvenir, then you will wait in line to get back on the tram, and then you will wait in line in traffic trying to exit the park. This place is a massive waste of time and money. Never again. We   ll take our kids somewhere that our precious time together won   t be wasted.Half of the attractions were closed when we visited yet we were still charged full price.  Very crowded and long queues for 60 second rides which were pretty ordinary.   Over priced and over rated.Long lines and unhelpful staff and unhappy employees, I don   t want to even waste my time writing the rest, it   s just not worth it.for the price you pay for a hopper and fast pass its not worth it. unless you like to run back and fourth from park to park because fastpass only allows certain times for rides.  literally waste of my time and moneyWe were very excided about visit Disneyland Park this was planned to the highlight of our holiday in US   but it was almost a nightmare...We choosed a weekday, in September   hoped less people because of school day...The end of the line was at Harbor Blvd before 9 o'clock... At security check we had to throw away our selfie stick, I don't know why because later in the park we saw that many people used. Finally we could enter to the park after 1 and half hour waiting (with a 5 years old kid). In the park everywhere had to wait 10 20 30 minutes for a ride   terrible!!! There were lot of people with stroller, finally it was impossible to walk without hit a stroller... And so on and so on. We asked a girl from the staff and she told it was a very strong Monday..Finally I can give only one advise to the management, please limited the number of sold tickets for a day   because it was a very bad experience for us because of the too many visitors.I recently visited the park and the most heartbreaking thing to see was the horses cart people all day. To think you can use other means to transport people, and the park chooses to use a horse. Extremely sad. And some carriages are petrol driven, should the park not consider electric?  The park is way to busy so it becomes hard to do anything with the wait period on average an hour. So in the end a waste of money and your time. Just a money making scheme. I personally will NEVER return. What a disappointment. We took our 2 grandsons to Disneyland for the day, while in LA for a short stay to bring in the New Year. We paid in excess of $600 for tickets for one park ( Disneyland ) and we paid the extra for the Maxpass to avoid long lines. The cost was never an issue as we have been to DisneyWorld in Fla many times and realize that while it is expensive, it was always worth it for the memories and the experience. The only memories we are going to bring away from our visit to DisneyLand are going to be off outrageous wait times on every ride ( and that was after waiting for 2 hours in a line to get through security despite getting there at 8.30am )the frustration of not being able to use the Maxpass because use is severely restricted. Once we booked our Maxpass on one ride, we were not allowed to book another for at least 2 hours. The reason for this was never given and befuddles me. When we were able to book another ride on Maxpass there were no times available for hours. All in, it was a terrible experience and I can say we will never be back. Thank god we only planned one day for DisneyLand during our stay, otherwise the whole trip would have been a disaster. Visited for Xmas with my 3 kids, aged 1 ,2 & 4 yrs old. Waited 1h30min to do the carousel. After that waited 1hr and the Q was still at 50% and my daughter said she was tired waiting foe the flying elephants, so we left the Q. We waited 1hr to order a coffee!!!!!! Every ride had notes on saying 75min , etc waiting time!!! The worst spent    2000 for a Xmas in Disneyland and paying    300 for nothing. Very poorly managed to reduce waiting times. Disneyland you won   t see us ever again!We paid 10 dollars per person for the fast pass and used the app. The app allows you to sign up for appointments for the busy rides but it doesn't tell you that the ride is broken down for the day. The best rides were broken down including The Haunted Mansuon, Space Mountain and Star Tours. My father is disabled and the accommodations for people with mobility problems are poor. My family won't be returning. I bought a 3 day pass online since there was a deal for Canadians. However, it was soooo overly crowded that my teenaged son couldn   t take it so we left after an hour! My husband and I went on our own the next day   we waited in a long line to go through security, another long line to go through the entrance. Once we got inside it was 4 hrs to wait to use our Fastpass,!!!! It was so crowded we bumped into people constantly. There was nothing enjoyable about this at all! We went back again with our soon at 0900 Monday morning to try again and the crowds built up pretty quickly. Already an hour wait for Fastpass...so we left after an hour. Disney needs to limit the amount of people it lets in! No one looked very happy to me. When people spend lots of money with prepaid tickets and travel far, they should be able to enjoy themselves!!!You wrote a review for Disneyland Park 2 minutes ago You buy a ticket but when you get to the entry, they REQUIRE you to have your photo taken. Now Disney's facial recognition database has your picture which they can use or sell. Go to Universal or go to the beach!!Also, no discounts for nighttime entry as they used to. Means you pay roughly $30 per ride, since in 4 hours you might get on 4 rides if you are lucky. NO FAST PASS if you enter at night because they already gave the slots away earlier.I visited Disneyland on October 19th and 20th. I normally visit during the summer over the for two three days for the Fourth of July. I love the fireworks and it has become a family tradition. I am the Disney fanatic of my family and I am the person in the family that ensures that each child gets a trip to Disneyland or Disneyworld. I have noticed over the past 10 years or so that Disney's service, food and crowds have all gone through marked change and not towards the positive. On this particular trip I flew my sister, brother in law, brother, son and toddler niece for a weekend for my niece's first Disney trip. I had not visited in the fall in some years and was not prepared for the crowds. When we arrived from our walk from our hotel the security line was almost to the main entrance on Harbor boulevard. We survived the hour wait to get to the security station by entertaining the two year old between the five of us. When we finally got in we had to wait in another almost hour long line to get the DAS for my son. He has a medical condition that makes it inadvisable to stand in crowded lines in close proximity with other people. We had used the DAS on several of our other trips to Disneyland and found the Disneyland the best out of all of the places we had visited including DisneyWorld and Universal Studios. This is a large part of why I continued visit Disney even after he went through a life threatening experience. He loves Disney just as much as I do so I try to find ways to make sure he can still visit. Both parks were super packed and we quickly learned that everything was abnormal on this visit. Two members of our party kept falling off of the DAS (they told me they were having glitches with the system that day). The lines were ridiculously long; like Christmas time long (e.g. Pirates was a 180 minute wait). I rode a total of four rides between the two parks the entire day. Child Swap was also not being utilized in ways that it had been previously. We were told that one parent would have to wait outside the ride and then wait in the fast pass line by alone in order to ride (which made for double the time and was no longer child swap). So my sister and brother in law were able to ride a total of two rides each. The lines for every restaurant, quick service etc. were tremendously long. Overall the entire trip was a lot of standing in line with little to show for it. I am a Disney veteran and have only experienced lines like this during Christmas and New Years at DisneyWorld. When I go during those times I already have the expectation that I will not really be riding rides, I go for the Christmas activities and decorations. This trip was, unfortunately an expensive mistake. This was my first Disney experience where I had regrets for visiting the parks. It was a disappointment all around. I did talk to Guest Services (waiting in line again) about my initial issues with DAS not working. I also wrote to Disney about many of the numerous things that went wrong while I was there that I have not recounted in this review but have not received any response (which is not Disney like) They are normally the gold standard for guest service. This felt like an alternate reality Disney experience for me and I sincerely hope it is not indicative of a  new Disney normal .Not sure what   s going on here , but in the two days we were here the staff where very crabby.. I   m not sure what   s happened but almost no smiling , and just a series of barking out rules !! And that was all over the entire park .. The energy of the staff has changed dramatically.. I was prepared for the fact that the original park is substantially smaller than the Magic Kingdom in DisneyWorld. However, I found the park in the middle of October to be extremely crowded with entirely too many strollers (single and tandem) blocking up the aisles. I am older, but not a codger. However, Disney needs to limit the number of guests into this park. One could not find a place to even sit down. Also, the lines for the rides were ridiculously long as were waits for food. I realize that many, if not most visitors are local and many have annual passes. However, for those of us who have come a long distance to visit, the park is a turn off. Quite frankly, if this had been my first visit to a Disney theme park, it would have been my last.Hugely disappointed. Didn't meet my expectations. Been to HK Disneyland last 2005 and October 2018. I thought Disneyland Anaheim was way much better since it's more expensive, much bigger and prides itself as the  original . But it's not! The 9:30pm fireworks show was suddenly discontinued, with no given reason at all! We waited inconveniently standing for an hour inside a roped area, for the fireworks show to start with all those excited people who travelled from all over the world, only to be cut abruptly. Big letdown! My senior parents looked forward to the stage shows. Sadly, we were so bored. The railroad train was so boring and a huge waste of time, nothing substantial to see. Queues for the attractions were so long that you'll lose all the patience still left in you. The Pixar Play Parade, hmm just ok. I wanted my parents to experience mickey mouse, donald duck, cinderella, snow white, lion king, aladdin, and the gang. My parents don't know those pixar characters. Suggestion: why not make 2 sets of parades instead, to cater to all your customers since you mentioned you're a family oriented, recommended for all ages, happiest place on Earth? Fantasmic was really nice but, having no available tickets left, we were pushed to an overcrowded area, standing uncomfortably for an hour with very limited vision to the show. It was shown just twice, to think that there were hundreds of thousands of paying customers and I'm sure at least 80% of them wanted to see Fantasmic. Disneyland Management, that's not rocket science, right? Mark Twain Steamboat River Cruise Tour was a big joke! It's a small world was closed for refurbishment. Pixar Short Film 3D was the only bright spot that happened to us last 11.2.18 My mom wanted to have a picture taken with Mickey Mouse. But they do not want to, that's why my mom was trying her luck to chase that fvcking unaccommodating Mickey Mouse mascot and his uncompassionate handler. Totally not worth it. Hard to recommend to my friends, family, relatives, co workers. So unmagical.I was so looking forward to visiting Disneyland. I was very let down. Long queues, overpriced food and drink, broken down rides   where to start. I think when one has to queue one and a half hours (not kidding) in Mickey   s House for a photo questions have to be asked. Why is there not more than one Mickey Mouse for a photo. Why not have 3 or 4 rooms with Mickeys in for photos? Why is it when you queue outside for a photo with a character all of a sudden told are told    sorry no more photos, Pluto has to go and have a nap, but he   ll be back in 20 minutes   . They should have a cut off point long before, instead of making you wait only to be told no photo. Don   t get me started on the price of food and water in this joint, again a total rip off. Then we get told, sorry no fireworks tonight, the crowd is too small. Blimey I   d hate to see a large crowd. Unacceptable, if the say fireworks they should have fireworks. Then we get in the Haunted House and the thing breaks down 2 minutes in. We have to wait 30 minutes to be let out, no apology   nothing. This place is a complete and utter shambles, run down, tired and in desperate need of a new CEO who has passion and foresight to get the place running efficiently again, Unfortunatey because this is the original Disneyland the crowds will keep coming so this place will never improve. I will never ever attend another Disneyland anywhere in the world. My childhood dreams have been shattered forever.Waiting in line for 30 min to see Mickey. Was given photo pass and told photos are free to download. Card says photos are unlimited to download for $10 max pass charge. Exited park at 10pm and went home. Tried to get photos in morning. Found out the window to buy MaxPass closed at midnight previous day so MaxPass unlimited photos for $10 is no longer option. Photos are offered to download free but there is a watermark over image and they are low resolution. Price for photos is now set at $20 each. Called in and they offered me all 6 photos for $79 dollars. This is a classic    Bait and switch   . Very dirty dealing Disney. You are tricking Mickey out from what was a honest mouse into a greasy profiteering rat. Exactly as if I went to my favourite restaurant at 11pm on my birthday. Restaurant policy is patrons eat free after 11pm on their birthday. I order a drink, appetizer, my free meal and desert. The bill comes after midnight and it   s for the full amount because I actually ate the meal after midnight and free birthday meals are only on your birthday. It says this on the fine print on the back of the menu! Didn   t you read the fine print? The restaurant knows this and expects this to happen but advertises the free meal as bait and switches when they offer the bill. My family had been to many Disneyland and Disneyworld visits over the past couple of decades. My kids are now all teenagers. Really made the mistake of not checking the crowd tracker websites before booking.Spent close to $800 for a family of 4 for a one day park hopper with the online Fastpass option. Apparently, Oct.6 was so crowded that their Fastpass app crashed by 11am. I was not planning to drag my family around the park getting paper Fastpasses. Even the Guest Services near the entrance had a 1 hour line of guests complaining about the Fastpass app trying to get refunds. It's been 2 weeks and my email request for Fastpass option refund has been non existent.Our family ended up going on 3 rides total. Can you imagine a 3 hour wait just for Haunted Mansion? I personally saw people just scan their pass and scoot around the Fastpass crowd. I personally heard from some of the guests in the Fastpass lineup that that some where just scanning their hand and getting into the Fastpass lineup with no valid Fastpass. There is no visual scanning indicator or second scanning station like Disneyworld. Just ridiculous. Unfortunately, will be our last time for Disneyland California.this was my 3rd visit to Disneyland with my family, always had a wonderful time, unfortunately, this last visit was spoiled with the fact I had my money stolen out of my purse which was in my handbag at the security screening by security staff, please try not to be alone, especially once it starts to get dark, try and keep your money on your person, hope this helps and it doesn't happen to you.I went to Disneyland on 10 13 2018. I am not new to Disney, I have been to Disneyland at least 10 times, Disney World 6, and to the Aulani Resort once. Let's start with the drive in, ... waited in line for 40 min to park.... from parking it is a walk to the tram which we had to wait 3 trams before arriving at the park. We already had tickets but the line to get in with tickets was about 15 minutes. It was so crowded that there were 2 3 hrs waits for most attractions. Fastpass was either not available or available during the 11pm 12am slot. There were three extremely rude Disney staff there. I had NEVER experienced that. One staff was yelling so loudly in the restroom the bday girl had to hold her ears and looked terrified. Three kiddos between the ages of 5 9 (one bday girl age 5) were unable to do more than 4 attractions in 10 hours. Navigating through the park was like driving on the 405 during bad traffic. It was not only crowded, it was like a can of sardines. Awful, never experienced this before and if there are many days like this now in the park, there will eventually be less customers. When the day is so overcrowded ....as this day was, admissions should be limited so some enjoyment can be had from families spending  magical  funds. No so. cal discount, no one day discounts. AWFUL. Disney is does NOT provide the  mgic  and happiness it once did. :(We took our two children to the Disneyland Park and was most disappointed with the lack of directions around the park. There should more signs to direct you to various parts of the park. Each time we have to ask the staff for direction. Unfortunately we went on a Sunday and the crowd was horrendous. The wait for each ride was more than 40 minutes. The park should limit the maximum number of visitors each day so that the wait will not be that long. Our six year old child had enough after four hours in the park. We paid about $5.00 for a small bottle of water. This must the most expensive bottle of water in this planet. The entrance fees to the park is very expensive considering all the queues for the rides. In the four hours at the park, we managed three rides. With the entrance fees of $117 for adults and $110 for children over 3, this work out to be about $40.00 a ride. Disneyland Park is most overrated and not the time and money in the park. Also the equipments of the ride are getting old and worn. C KOK. (SYDNEY)It is sad that overcrowding and greed have basically ruined one of the (previously) best places in the world. The bottom line is that there are too many people in the parks, the lines are too long, and you can barely move. The Walt Disney Company   s brilliant solution: charge you extra money to use their    maxpass   . That system allows you to make fast pass reservations on your phone. Essentially you pay extra to get access to the fast pass system to save time. You can also get new fast passes quicker than if you don   t buy the maxpass. More money for the Mouse and you get a small break from the crowds. Then the system breaks down   no refund offered. At that point you can wait on another line for 30 minutes for a single fast pass to    make up    for the fact that the maxpass you paid for is broken. Then all of the rides are backed up because the system is broken. So you get in line and wait, because well you   re here and you paid, then a mumbled announcement worse than a New York subway car sounds overhead. After standing still for a few minutes you understand that what has happened is the ride has broken down while you have been waiting and there is no recourse other than to accept you just paid to do nothing for the past 90 minutes. At that point you realize that you just paid almost a $800 for a 2 day visit to the parks (with a broken maxpass) to wait in line for a broken ride   which essentially amounts to Goofy holding your arms behind your back while an obnoxious Orange County teen spits in your face. Meanwhile you try to think back to the great memories you had when competent humans actually ran this place. As for the people running it now   they should be shown the door, because it   s one thing to overcharge for something that   s a fun memory filled day, it   s another to provide an awful day of nothing. As a long time Disney fan and visitor it saddens me to say that Universal Studios has finally surpassed Disney as a total, well run experience. its smal, old and dirty. construction, rubish and faded colors everywhere. i was in other disneylands and this one is simply bad. it doesn   t deserve the name disneyland..   go in hollywood stuidos!! trust me!! so much more worth for the money!!If you are exiting the Disneyland park and want to take the tram back to the structure... make sure you make a right versus making a left to the  parking shuttle . We made this mistake and instead had to enter the park in a 30 minute line at 545pm. There are no real signs and after taking to customer service and the police officers at the gate, they say this happens often and there's  nothing  they can do about it. Thank goodness we have season passes or we would have to pay a new fee to enter again. Truly disappointed.This is a hard review for me to write since I have been to Disneyland countless times over the years with my daughter (who is now 11). I have a lot of respect and admiration for the creators, artists, and innovators of Disney movies and attractions. These men and women are truly inspiring. Walt would be proud. Who I don't have a lot of respect for are the greedy corporate shills that have taken Walt's vision for Disneyland and tossed it out the window in the name of profit maximization. It's pretty ridiculous, and last weekend's trip to Disneyland will be my last. Here are a few cold, hard truths about Disneyland:1) Way too crowded all day everyday. There is no off season.2) Ridiculously long waits for rides (because it is too crowded)3) Fast pass system inefficient (because it is too crowded)4) Obscenely expensive everything (all goods made in china cheap quality)5) Terrible food (minimal healthy choices stupid expensive)6) Terrible value for the amount of $$$ spent (you pay to stand in line)7) People are herded around like human cattle (it's disheartening to watch)8) There are lines for everything (and I mean everything)Overall, I can't imagine why any would want to drop hundreds, and even thousands of $$$ to essentially stand in line all day for a few minutes of fun. It just doesn't seem worth it. The only ones benefiting from this system are the suits. That is it.I will never visit Disneyland again. To start off I waited in line for 40 minutes behind 5 people to buy a ticket. Once getting to the window I had a ticket person ask me stupid question after stupid question for 10 minutes before telling me I had to go to a different window. Once I got to the other window they tried to also tell me to go to another window. 1 hr. later I finally purchased the ticket. The park was supposed to be limited on people for Mickeys Halloween Party and the place was packed with people it was almost impossible to walk through. I went on Pirates of the Caribbean and The Haunted Mansion rides with my family and both rides were stalled and backed up. After all of that and spending $1k between snacks, shops and tickets one of their awesome cast members(dripping with sarcasm) used profanity with me. So thank you I'll find a better place to go for Halloween next year. Universal Studios here I come at least they know how to treat guests. Disney you have disgusted me and this is not the 1st time.Big Disney fan my whole life. I've been on multiple trips to Disneyland, Disney World, and Disneyland in Paris throughout my life. I loved them all. Our last trip to Disneyland (September 2018) was a complete nightmare. We picked one of the lowest seasons of the year, knowing that some rides and attractions would be closed. It was worth it for us because we thought we would be avoiding big crowds.Instead, we found many many rides closed, AND the biggest crowds we have ever seen there. Incredibly hard to walk around and get anywhere. Long lines at all the rides. Families stressed out and rushing all over the park. Horrible, horrible atmosphere.The magic is completely GONE. You can't even appreciate the beauty of the park because people are in the way. People are EVERYWHERE.If anyone remembers the magic and the music and simply strolling around and enjoying everything in sight (during low season), that is gone forever.All we found were stressed out moms, sweating and pulling their kids all over the park, racing to get to rides before everyone else did. If you don't rush, you're doomed.Remember when you would run into characters and actually be able to spend some time with them? That does not happen anymore. If you want to spend 3 seconds with Minnie, stand in line for at least 20min. If you're lucky, you'll get to her. Normally you won't, and have to wait some more for the next character. If you want to say hi to Captain America or Spiderman or Black Panther, be prepared to wait in line for 40min or longer.This is LOW SEASON, people. I can't even imagine the park being fuller than it was. It seemed impossible to us that more people could fit. But when we went, crowd levels were at 2 10!!!!Cast members are no longer kind and warm. They are all completely stressed out and rude and even mean. No wonder. Their job of keeping things together is very hard.Horrible, horrible and very disappointing experience for my whole family. I had spent years telling my kids all about the magic of Disneyland, and none of it is left.If Disney doesn't limit crowds somehow, I don't think we'll ever be going back. The park is beautiful. The rides are great. The crowds are the problem. They create the stressful competitive rude atmosphere that makes everything feel like a big fat race.We   ve visited Disneyland Paris Several times and Disneyworld numberous times. But since moving to Los Angeles Disneyland which you think should be the leader pales in comparison. For a start it   s a real drag to get there from LA in traffic but hardly the parks fault. The problems start with the jobsworth attitude and impersonal service and how miserable employees are and the sheer magnitude of people they let into the park. This time though really takes the biscuit and we aren   t even going for another 2 weeks. My older daughter wanted to save and pay for our 3 adopted kids to go for Halloween. She saved up all summer and we helped her out.Then my 8 year old broke her leg and will be days away from getting her cast off when we are due to go. We imagined that Disney would let us change the date as there was still availability.But they will not budge they say we need to pay again and donate our existing tickets! This will be our last visit to Disneyland we will make the effort to go to Disney world next year where we know we will have a great experience.I might add that we were able to have Great Wolf Lodge allow us to cancel our booking. Other relatives from the U.K. who are meeting us there Were all able to change their plans but Disney is so focused on the bottom line that all they see are the $$$$. It   s a great shame and surely does not honor the great man.As said in your own TripAdvisor page  it's the happiest place on earth! Well I have to say that this experience was a massive disappointment and when compared with our experience at Universal just appalling.In this land of magic and dreams we found all the staff to be miserable and unhelpful they just looked so depressed and like they didn   t want to be there, they didn   t make us feel welcome and with me being blind I received no support at all be it getting on or off rides or help with queues.In our day we managed just 4 rides yes just 4 rides, it was way too overcrowded we knew that in August it would obviously going to be busy and hot, but there was no shade whilst waiting for rides and very minimal shade whilst walking around the park, in one queue we were in a lady fainted due to the lack of shade and heat. Many queues were 45 80 minutes long which doesn   t help. Another issue that made things worse was that the fast track queues had such an impact on everyone more of them were getting pushed along leaving everyone else behind. I don   t have an issue with people paying the extra to get ahead, but Disney really need to control numbers here as it significantly penalises others.Out of the four rides we went on at Disney, I would say that the Space Mountain rollercoaster is best and not to be missed, that   s if you can get on. As you would expect the gift shops are pricy, as is food and drink (although comparing favourably with similar attractions), it just seemed to take the mick being charged a further 20 dollar for parking on top of an already pricey 97 dollars for a ticket.This was a birthday treat and first visit for my partner, who was extremely disappointed. I love Disney Florida but I just cannot recommend Disneyland California at all and I am sure Walt Disney would be mortified if he could see his creation today!Disneyland used to be one of our favorite places to go. Now is awful. Starts when you get off freeway then get taken all around the place as the signs are awful and traffic even worse. Terrible the way they have reconfigured with all the construction, etc. making it hard. Used to be got off freeway and wend straight into parking. No more and good luck trying to follow signs. When you finally get to parking lot is nowhere close and you get to pay $20.00. They park you in so tight can barely open your doors. Of course did not stop people next to us from putting their doors into our car. Then you get to walk almost quarter mile to wait in line for a shuttle as you are so far away cannot walk to resort or take monorail, etc. anymore. You get to stand out in sun and wait. We waited over 40 minutes to get on. The bus is at least air conditioned but they cram you in like sardines. After 15 minute ride you get dropped off and get to walk to multiple rounds of security where you get rudely treated by security. Minimum wage security with attitudes. Felt sorry for person in front of us. They are awful and make your day start out great (sarcasm). Now finally in get to deal with long lines, high prices, strollers slammed into you all day long. They do not even shade the lines or have spray water like Universal Studios, Knotts or Magic Mountain to name a few. Of course for their workers they do but forget their guests. Rudest people ever and to top off when we returned to car our hubcap was stolen. Of course not their fault so $20 gets you nothing as no security or anyone trying to help or make your visit enjoyable. Awful place now so save your money!!Taking a long awaited Disneyland adventure with my handicap granddaughter.Once a place that thrilled everyone now only after money. to make a long disaster short,1. 3 hours to get into our Hotel California Room2. Handicap Wheelchair lost3. Lobby Block off4. Dirt everywhere5. Special Room to over look park, (Missing View)6. Totally Misinformed, No one ever told use the total Hotel was under construction.I tell everyone never goI'm so disappointed it's taken me forever to send this.It's not Walt Disney4.The park was extremely crowded. Adding to the frustration was that Disney was operating some rides at half capacity, resulting in epic long lines. Food was mediocre and incredibly overpriced. 30 minute minimum wait for a sit down dining experience. Very trashy guests (locals?) were on their smartphones during dark rides, ruining the experience. Had a 3 day park hopper ticket. After 4 hours left and flew home 2 days early because Disneyland was such a bust.I am definitely going to seek legal retribution, refund just won't do it.FastPass MaxPass  what a rip off!No mention of only 1 ride, every 90 min when spending $800 on these tickets for a family of 4. By 4pm, no more fast pass entries for rides such as Space Mtn or Indiana Jones   what a rip off!!!Most of the rides are the same crap from the 60s 70s...Disney   ever hear of Lilo & Stich, Lion King, Moana, Little Mermaid, Madagascar???Because no sign of anything slightly recent or known by kids born in the past 40 years.Terrible disappointment, and will make a special effort to warn others from wasting their money.  Having been to Disneyworld Florida and France I was expecting the original site to be amazing   but it   s like it has been left behind in the 1980   s! Poor selection of rides, very few suitable for anyone over 10. The queues were shocking, 2 hours upwards (and the local kids are back at school).   20 to park the car on top of the entry fee   seriously Disney is that anyway to treat the people that pay your wages? Two of the big rides were broken. No shade whilst queueing. And the queues for some rides spilled out onto the main concourses and blocked the way. This was poor management. Talking of which I saw lots of young kids running the queues and serving, but no management at all. As a result the queues were poorly managed and created a few angry exchanges, I noticed. They simply let in too many people for the size of park. It   s greed. And couldn   t be bothered to have the key rides working in the height of the summer. We would have been out and done by 1pm but we had to queue so long. Please save your money and don   t give it to these money grabbers. Or go to Florida where they know how to organise a park. I honestly don   t know what Disneyland is. It   s not really a theme park since there are hardly any rides. The rides are equivalent to a county fair. It   s just one big souvenir shop with a few county fair rides thrown in. No one is happy here. Kids don   t like it. Adults don   t like it. There is nothing to do but buy souvenirs. Seriously. Six Flags had more exciting things to. Standing in traffic is more exciting than Disneyland. Don   t fall into the trap like us. Disney is not fun. It   s old fashioned. It   s crowded. You wait in line for over an hour even with max pass for a boring 2 min ride. Then you walk another 10 miles to wait another 45 mins to ride another lame ride. The only people who say this place is fun are the type of people who enjoy paying hundreds of dollars for admission to buy coffee mugs and t shirts that have Mickey Mouse or other Disney characters on them. Also i didn   t even see Mickey mouse or any popular. characters. And if you happen to see a character they only stay by the idiots Disney hires to take pictures to sell back to you. Such a scam.As an annual passholder, you would expect to be treated at a higher level than their guests. You also expect your family to be treated at least equally but better being that you frequent the park and spend on many of their amenities. Sadly, being an annual passholder has negatives that I never expected.When we arrived at the gate, the guy scanning the tickets said there is something wrong with our pass and he had to wait to get the manager. They let me wife go in and daughter but made me wait outside the gate which felt like an eternity. I was embarrassed to watch as many people just constantly go in which the  manager  had to do their rounds. It didn't help that the guy doing the scanning felt that other customers had higher priority even though I was ahead of them so he had the manager take their requests first.Finally, the manager said, yes, there is a problem with the annual pass. She required my driver license and then left again as I waited some more time. Finally coming back and saying that I can go in. It's unfortunate that I would be mistreated this way. It could have been easily resolved by putting me inside the gate which letting the manager do their processing. Instead, I have to wait outside the gate while constant adults, kids, and babies get let in while I am embarrassingly just sitting outside the gate. A kid even started touching my phone because I was waiting and he saw something interesting on my phone.I have written and even called customer service at Disney Land about my complaints. They responded after I called multiple times and said that they would remedy the situation. I have never heard back from them since. I feel they only would do something if they knew it was a liability concern where they would get in trouble. To the normal frequent customer that just leaves comments, they don't care about. They could really do a better job of customer service, especially for annual passholders.It makes me very sad to say Disneyland is a horrible place to visit now, we just went last week. 6 yrs ago we took my daughter in the summer and it was wonderful. We have been to Disneyworld in Florida several times and it   s crowdwd but still special and employees have a good attitude and it   s efficient. Disneyland is a nightmare now. We went on a Wednesday and what they don   t tell you is that they block the weekends now for annual pass holders so everyone goes during the week. Awful. Way too crowded. Wait in line for EVERYTHING including water and bathrooms. Waits go up to 100 minutes. They let way too many people in. Everyone there seems like they are going through the motions. Paid extra for the max pass and got to use it once b c rides kept shutting down. Monorail was down at night, are you kidding? Can barely walk through the crowds. Walt would be rolling in his grave if he saw the state of the park. Whoever is running this place has gotten very greedy and just lets the whole world in. App is very user unfriendly. Go to Universal Studios Hollywood instead. Much more efficient and employees care. Very sad. Not one person told us to have a magical day which is standard. We have a better experience at the Disney stores in the Midwest. Its not the happiest place on earth but the crappiest.Not fun anymore when it is super crowded, hour plus lines, poor little kids crying (hot, tired, hungry, standing around waiting for hours for rides) I feel sorry for both parents and little ones. Thousands of strollers and electric scooters, difficult to get around because of the intense crowds. Also not sure how safe it is with that kind of crowding;. Lines for rides 1  hours! The place is a dump compared to some other places I've been to. Entering Disneyland I felt like they were leading a bunch of sheep to the slaughter house, the whole front entrance smelled like a toilet for homeless people.The entrance to the park is very lame. There are dull colours everywhere you look,it honestly looks like they havent been updated in years. Don't know where people get the 'happiest place on earth' vibe from. Should be renamed 'The Greediest'. Prices for the simplest things are outrageous. Half of the staff spent the day daydreaming, although I can understand why,being paid peanuts you give peanuts. Frontier land and adventure land smell like a middle of stale swamp,where water hasnt flown in years. Actually there are couple of places around the park that smelled like and outdoor toilet, the little water they had was filled with trash. There was also no shaded areas for people while waiting in huuuuuge lines,in the strong heat (probably to dehidrate them so they can spend money on cold drinks ). The tap water is some of the worst and most disgusting I have ever drank. Apparently having couple billion dollars profit a year is not enough to provide filtered cold water taps for people around the park (but they can shoot out fireworks every night). Never in my life have I felt so ripped off and dissapointed as much as I've been at DISNEYLAND. MaxPass (MaxTrash) should be called using this service i felt like i was waiting in LA traffic for it to start working . i cant beleive they charge people to beta test this crap , most rides felt dull and cheap using dark everywhere the could ao they wouldnt need to invest into some real rides , Go check out universal stuidos rides you will see the difference PS: good thing was space mountain amd Fantasmic show Today I was severely mistreated while entering Disneyland. With an e cigarette that security threatened to confiscate and not let me return into the park. Forcing me to surrender legal Juul pods and device you can buy at 7 11. The first cast member asked me if it's medically necessary. As a registered nurse, I said automatically said yes. She proceeded to tell me they will confiscate my device so I walked away.Came back and the second cast member asked what'd I do with it. I said I threw it out. He then SCREAMED at me, pointing at me, following me, threatening for me to get it out of the garbage. OUT OF THE GARBAGE!! I ran away telling him to back off.Went back and the sheriff proceeded to me and said I had to surrender my LEGAL Juul e cigarette and they will throw it away. They will not return it. He threatened me saying I will not be allowed to return into the park. Took the device and pods. I explained it was just nicotine, sold at 7 11, showed the website, and that they let people with cigarettes and lighters in the park. He took a picture of my driver's license and park ticket. He eventually gave me back the device and later realized the pods were legally just nicotine. Gave those back too.I'm very very disappointed in the mistreatment, multiple threats and harassment at Disney security. As if this was a vape with CBD oil. It's not. There are smoking areas in the park for crying out loud. This is my 4th day out of 5 days. If it weren't for my 4 year old son in a stroller, I'd never come back to this place again. A waste of an hour of my time.We were on our way home with our nine year old granddaughter. We had spent the past two weeks exploring the National parks in Utah and Arizona. Since Disneyland was a few hundred miles away, we decided to take our granddaughter to Disneyland since she had never been there. Took about an hour to get through the parking garage line. Got to the gate and it cost $344 for two adults and one child. Regular pass. If you wanted a fast pass to go ahead of other paying customers it cost more.A seventy minute wait was not uncommon for most of the rides. The rides were also malfunctioning while people were waiting. They would be down for an hour or more. They have a boutique for little girls. Parents can buy Disney dresses and have the child   s hair done. The princess dresses were $350. No we did not purchase one.When the light show started if you were not inside the roped off space you were told to keep walking. I   m sorry but every person in the Park was a paying customer. They were essentially guiding you to the exits, even though the Park was not closed. We will not be returning. I doubt the experience was what Walt Disney had envisioned when he built the Park. Two thumbs down.Everyone always talk about how amazing it would be to go to Disneyland. I wish I didn   t waste my money. $280 to line up for an hour for each ride? It would probably be better with kids to take them on rides but as an adult I wouldn   t bother. This was the most horrible time to go to Disneyland. The fast passes are only available every two hours. Make sure you don't mix up your ticket and leave the park as they won't let you back in with the wrong pic attached to the ticket (they tack your picture when you go through entrance). At 9am the wait time for Cars ride was 80 minutes. We picked the fast pass for this ride at 9 and the first opening was 11 and we couldn't book another fast pass ride until after 11. So disappointing! We were there one day and barely got on 5 rides. The line ups were crazy. From security to the ticket booths to get in. Rides were impossible to get on. With over a hour waitEverything is over, outrageous pricing after Disneyland profited $9 Billion in 12 months very pathetic and controlled by greed. Walt Disney created Disneyland for families with family entertainment not for outrageous profit. Most families can't afford Disneyland especially the Disneyland hotel, expensive dining, Passport admission, popcorn, snacks to say nothing of the pricing on gifts to bring home.A simple Disneyland weekend $5,000 for 2 nights in the Grand Disneyland Hotel, meals, and 2 days at the theme park. 100% absurd, and ridiculous.Over at Knotts a one year annual pass cost $145 that's 9 times less then a annual Disneyland pass.Disneyland employees are earning less the $12 an hour (POVERITY LEVEL) it's high time for a raise to $17 an hour it's called a livable wage.Affordable family entertainment has lost it's magic at  Disneyland  .Giving Disneyland a generous (1) Star  Shame on Disneyland   greedy corporate misers  I really wanted to love Disneyland, but our family's experience was well below average and not what I expected from Disney. We went to Disney World several years ago and had the  magical  Disney experience, so I was really looking forward to this visit. Unfortunately, most of the cast members we had interactions with were rude or unhelpful. We had a terrible experience with  Chris  at Space Mountain. We showed up at 9:30 a.m. during our scheduled FastPass time, only to be told that the system was down and to  come back any time . We went on our way and enjoyed a few other rides, while also continuing to use our FastPass to schedule other rides. We came back just before noon, but my unused FastPass reservation for Space Mountain disappeared from the app by no fault of my own. I explained to Chris what had happened, and asked if we could get on since we were told to come back any time. He was rude, said there is nothing he can do, and told me to make another reservation. I explained again that I already had a reservation, but it got deleted from the app. He continued to argue with me, and even claimed that I had already ridden the ride and was just trying to cut in line. I finally gave up, and angrily stormed off. We went and had a ridiculously overpriced lunch, and then I went back to try again. Thankfully Chris was gone, so I went up to another cast member and again explained my situation. She started to give me the same  there's nothing I can do  speech I heard from Chris, but seeing that I wasn't going to give up, she got another person to help me. He took my phone and looked it up in their system and again told me I had used the passes. I told him we have never ridden this ride in our lives (it was actually closed for maintenance when we went to Disney World). He begrudgingly took my phone again and added passes back on our account. While we finally got to ride it, I should never have had to argue so much with a Disney employee. They are there to make sure everyone is happy and has a great time, but apparently the cast members I dealt with didn't get that memo. And this was not the only situation. The cast members are not supposed to say  I don't know  or  I can't help you,  but I heard that from several that I talked to when I had questions or needed help. Needless to say, this is our one and only trip to Disneyland as I will never go back. We also went to Universal Studios and the San Diego Zoo while we were in California and couldn't have had a better experience with their employees (at less than half the price of Disneyland, I might add). What was supposed to be the highlight of our trip turned out to be the worst experience we had our entire trip to L.A. and San Diego. Sorry Disney, but you just lost a former lifelong fan.In the past, I have always loved going to disneyland and enjoying their theme parks. My family and I have loved going to the california adventure and the classic disneyland parks since they were young. The last time that I had visited the park was back in 2005. My kids might have gone since then but I did not because I got busy with life. We went again as a family in May of 2018. It was memorial day weekend but I was willing to work through the crowds and the heat because my kids had really difficult schedules and that was the only week we could go as a family. The park was crowded, especially the mega popular rides like Splash Mountain. I got the fast pass for Splash Mountain and we had to return back there at around 2:30pm. It was around 11am so we decided to try to find some lunch. We tried downtown Disney but all those places were crowded so we drove out of the park and went to a nearby restaurant. We struggled to get back in time. But we were around 30 mins late for the fast pass time zone. So, we struggled to walk all the from the parking lot to the ride. Then, Jennifer would not let us into the ride in the fast pass lane because we were late. I tried to talk to her telling her that we were running late from lunch and struggled to get to the ride through the crowds. But she did not care. She wasn't going to let us in. I got mad so I told her that I wanted to talk to her supervisor. I stood in front of her until her supervisor came. Then Mat (only one T in Mat) from Encino Hills came to us. He was the supervisor. We talked. He said that it is a  policy  that patrons who are late within 15 mins are allowed in the fast pass. I asked where is that policy written. He said that it is unwritten policy. Then I asked if it isn't written then why cant our 30 min tardiness be considered okay since it is not a written policy but an spoken policy. He was stubborn as well and did not let us in either. He told me that I can go to City Hall and complain. I got more mad    he wants me to spend more of my precious time to struggle to get to their customer service office and talk to yet another person there, all in the hot afternoon in a crowded disneyland park. Let me tell you something Mat and Jennifer    You made disneyland a very  UNHAPPINESS PLACE IN THE WORLD  for us.You guys need to remember who is paying for all of Disney funds. All the money coming to the theme parks is from people like us. We were not trying to cheat the system. We did not fabricate tickets to get in. We tried to work with the system. We were a small group    a family of five. Disney needs to re learn from Walt Disney that the visitors and patrons should be treated well and with some flexibility when the park is very crowded and hot.Disney   please learn.Wait times were 2 3 hours on a  moderately  crowded Monday and fast passes were 6 hours out. Multiple rides broke down while we were in line. We rode just 4 rides in 7 hours and finally left out of frustration. I cant imagine what the day would have been like if we had kids or a stroller with us. Not a safe experience with so many people. Clearly the park cant accommodate the crowds and needs to reassess the experience of their GUESTS. Cast members were rude and angry without exception. If you have been to any Orlando parks or Universal, you will be shocked at the state of Disneyland. The lack of signage was almost comical. I am a massive Disney fan and love the other parks. Save your money and time!!I was expecting it will be the happiest place on earth LOL. Went to the park at 8 am and there you go the line up to the entrance was crazy. You have to line up for the security thing. They will check your stuffs    MANUALLY   . They dont have a scanner or XRAY machine. It took forever. And wasnt sure if they will detect something by just checking those stuffs manually. Then you will pass another security. They took my go pro stick and i was so sad. I literally cried goodthing i have sunglasses on me. They said its their new policy. Whatever ! Then when we were on our way to the park , it was already crowded and i havent seen a crowd like that ever. LOL. It is very a huge park. It was so hot as well. Their prices inside the park for food and everything are so ridiculous. You have to line up for everything. For washroom, rides, foods. Everything! Well, i just wanna try how it feels to be in there. Took a lot of pictures. They have some photographers in some area and they will take picture of you behind those castles and spots then if you have a maxpass you can download the pictures online. So better get a maxpass. We tried some rides. My boyfriend loves them. Then ended up getting sick after some few rides. So we have to go back to our hotel earlier. We were planning to wait for the fireworks. It was fine with me then since it wasnt really my thing. I really hate the crowd. And hate walking that much under the heat of the sun.So where do i start after visiting Disney World in Orlando last June we were so looking forward to seeing the original Disneyland so disappointed litter seem to be everywhere when you asked a staff member a question for directions ect it seemed a effort for them to tell you, so when you hear about Disney being magical from the moment you go through the gates i think Disney's California park should take a leaf out of Disney World in Orlando for customer service plus teaching them how to smile something we noticed all the staff did in Orlando so i could go on more and think Disney need to take some folks from there Orlando park to retrain the ones in California.I came here with my family whilst they were on vacation. I knew it was going to be busy, however, it's not good value for money. You spend most of the day queuing and waiting for one or two rides that last 5 minutes. The cost of the ticket is not worth it. They hype up the experience and mostly sell you rubbish. A lot of people expect a dreamy, exciting, fairytale. It's just not the case. DON'T GO.I am very disappointed in Disneyland and the response that was given to us in regards to an ADA issue that transpired between a cast member  Paul    at It's a small world  and us. He took it upon himself to decide that my kids was not handicapped and removed our red tag indicating special needs and then hid my kids stroller. The attached photo was the generic canned apology that Disney provided without even mentioning what the issue was and this was only provided when prompted and pushed for. Shame on you Disney!!!! Especially to a family that holds 7 unrestricted annual passes! We went on a Monday. There are a lot of people, even tough it   s not June yet. The wait on most rides was about 30 minutes. We did get 2 fast pass. Everything is expensive! You will need to come with a lot of money, or big credit card! A bag of cotton candy is $4.75, if you get pink. It is $5.25 otherwise. A turkey leg is over $12. The merchandise is expensive also! A sweet shirt is $50 to $65, depending on if it has a zipper or not. The magnets are about $10. The rides are fun, and you do have somewhat of a good time; however, you won   t want to go back! The park in Orlando is much bigger. They had fireworks here at 9:30, but it only lasted about 7 minutes. It lasted about 30 minuets in Orlando. They were taking your bench away, so they could make reserved seating for special guests that paid them more money! This was to view the fireworks. This is a horrible thing to do! They should have moved these benches before the park opened, rather than pull them out from under us! It would be better yet if they did not reserve seats for groups paying extra! They did this for the parade also. Shame on Disney for doing this! We have a 2 day ticket, so I guess we have to go back. I have not heard much good about the California Park, too many rides broke down. This will be our last time to Disneyland, as Disney World is much better, except for the lack of benches in Florida. We can   t recommend Disneyland!In LA for a few days and thought what could be better than a visit to Disneyland? As it turned out, ANYTHING. We went on a Thursday and we couldn't believe the crowds. This wasn't helped when there were so many strollers in the park. I guess Disney must have shares in a stroller manufacturer. The queues everywhere were horrific. We were in the queue for splash mountain and it broke down. We did get on it later and it broke down while we were on the ride. We went back later and it was broken again. The Pinocchio ride broke down so we couldn't go in. The Alien boasters broke down as we queues. Surprised we didn't have a breakdown. We've been to Orlando a few times and it was great. We didn't think the French would pull it off in Paris, but they did. This is the worst park we've been to. If you can't get to any of the other parks then visit here. But you have been warned. Waste of money.If you enjoy the TSA screening process at airports, you'll love your visit. In fact, some items the TSA has no problems with won't pass Disney tests. Case in point. A rolled up 3 legged stool about 10 inches long (see pictures). Refused entry. Strollers the size of small cars   no problem. Seurity wouldn't allow storage in a locker, leaving the item outside the screening area, or even outside the front gate clear out by the street. Required me to personally remove the item from Disney property even after I told them to throw it away. Most Disney employees seem to go out of their way to make the guest experience great, but some of the security staff are unbelievably obnoxious and rude.So! It said 5mins!!!! 20mins have past and still no tram!! Hold on it's coming..again wasting my time in the line                                    9:30 in the morning we got sent to overflow parking... Bad sign. Two mile walk to park through downtown Disney no tram... 40 minutes still not in park wait 30 minutes in line to get in and all ride have 45 minutes wait times, too many people to even walk down the street just way to crowded for a Thursday in late April. I cant even imagine what it is like when it is full? We will not be coming Back just not worth the cost and the crowds.If you have teenagers   forget it!! They won   t be interested in this hugely outdated over rated theme park. The so called fast pass is a joke   we arrived at 10 and couldn   t get on our ride of choice until 4. This wasn   t a peak period. Lines are too long for rides that are very underwhelming and haven   t changed in 20 years.. do yourself a favour   take them to six flags   your kids will love you more... if you want nostalgia rewatch a movie and save yourself the pain. We, three adults and four kids aged 6 10, visited the Disneyland park March 29th. After a long day in lines and only finishing five rides even with the max pass app we left tired and disappointed. There is very few things that remind the kids of being in Disneyland at all. Luckily we got to see the Beauty and the Beast in the Fantasyland. The rides are outdated and the lines horrible and anything but using the fast pass system unbearable. Be prepared to navigate between thousands of strollers with kids way past toddlers. Are American kids so lazy the cannot walk any longer?Don't do it even if it's on your California adventure bucket list. It's not worth it, money or time wise. Spend your money somewhere else. This review pertains to the World of Color dessert party at California Adventure, but everything seems to be grouped under DIsneyland here. This event was terrible. Now, yes, part of it was the circumstances. It had been raining a heavy pour all day and we were expecting the show to be cancelled. It was not. Instead we got to sit in wet chairs at soaking wet tables that a cast member could not even be be bothered to wipe a towel across. We were given a plastic lunchbox filled with  desserts,  half of which were stale cheeses and bread sticks. We were offered several alcoholic drinks and chose a vodka concoction which tasted like Juicy Juice mixed with Sprite. So we asked for the sparkling wine next, and it was alright. But when we asked for a second glass, we were told guests were limited to two drinks. Two drinks? For the price I had paid ($80 a head) each of should have received an entire bottle of wine. The show itself was no better than the Bellagio Fountains and since we were freezing, wet, and tired, we left early. Just walked out, later writing a letter to Disneyland about our experience, and actually receiving all of our money back. Clearly, they must have understood something was not right with the way they were going. I would not recommend this event for anyone. Plenty of room was available in the general admission area. Avoid!This is our 3rd Disney Park and my god was we disappointed. I can honestly see how in 2016 they made 2.4 billion in profits from there parks. They sell happiness but do they sell it at a reasonable price. God no 1 single banana $2.99plus tax, small bottle of water $3.29 plus tax. Walling round this park looking a the 1 to 2 hour plus lines i thought to myself why am I here. Is it for the top rides in the world... No is it for the amazing treatment from there cast... No I actually couldn't give myself a good enough reason. There food is mediocre for a high price. There rides are not the best in the industry. There is no real value in a Disney park..... Save some money and take the kids to parks that's Invest because they want you to be happy and enjoy not just because they want to rinse you for supply the so called happiest place on earth. Ok firstly I say this I love Disneyland and this trip was with my 13 year old daughter on a 10 day hopper pass. We stayed 7 straight and even did a tour and got into Walt   s firehouse apartment HOWEVER here I talk about the new fast pass system MAXPASS. Firstly, it will cost you $10 per person in your party per day. This includes the old photopass. Both of which are must does at the parks. However and sadly,everyone has this   face in your phone thing going on. I don   t know how many people I bumped into as we were both on our phone getting our parties next fastpass. A tip : buy a external charger. With all the use of your phone you   ll run out of batteryeasy ! Moreover, the wifi in the park is hit and miss so how a good amount of data going in. Best of luck ! I noted the fastpass lines weren   t so fast anymore with everyone using it ... Knowing how amazing Disney can be, we booked our tickets a while back to take two young teenaged girls. This trip was super disappointing for various reasons, and before you go, you should know... Space Mountain ride was down for most of the day, Matterhorn ride was down after an hour of waiting in line, no fireworks due to construction on site, no parade due to construction on site, extremely overcrowded (as per usual), Haunted House ride stopped for 30 minutes while we were riding, Indiana Jones ride closed when we had our fastpasses, and in general, no theme characters in site no matter where we looked, and walked away from young kids waiting for autographs. After complaining to a park member services staff, we did get two fastpass rides added to our tickets (he was lovely and apologetic). In general the staff are very unfriendly also. Castle is half the size of Orlando's Disneyworld. As per usual, the souvenirs, hoodies, food is all over priced. As Canadians, we spent well over $1200 for a day that definitely missed the Disney mark.Our family travels to Disney parks 2 3 times a year if not more and as a family of 5 this is not an affordable trip however we love Disney so much the expense is worth it! We usually go to Disney World however decided to take a quick trip to Disneyland this year. We purchased 3 day one park tickets for our family. We went to Disneyland park 2 days and California Adventure for one day. Before leaving we find out many rides were shut down as well as part of Main Street, which we had no choice at this point as flights were booked and time had been taken from work. The first day, February 21, we went to Disneyland park we tried to find the days that we could use our magic morning and the employees in the ticket booth were helpful in finding the days but in no way made the experience magical. Usually at park opening the train comes around with characters on it and a family to open the park and on this day the train arrived with no characters and they did a park opening with a family on the ground in front of park gates that no one could see and it wasn   t very enthusiastic. The process of getting into the park was tedious scan your ticket, take a photo (so your ticket cannot be used by anyone else) and sign your ticket, the gate employees are rather rude and just want to get you in and gone. Walking into the park our kids were excited so we headed toward the rides. The ride lines were longer than usual which may be because so many rides were closed at once. There was a strange incident while we were in line for the gadget coaster in Toontown. The ride was stopped and an announcement was made as if the ride had a maintenance issue. But come to find out there was a man that had a selfie stick and was trying to use it on the ride. We waited about 15 minutes until security got there to remove him and proceed to argue with him at the ride exit. We asked about fireworks and were told by an employee that fireworks were only on the weekends and depended on weather. We purchased some items at the store outside of Space Mountain and the employees were helpful and answered questions and helped us find the sizes we were looking for. There were no parades due to construction on Main Street and no fireworks on this day so we ended up leaving the park earlier than we normally would. Day 2 at Disneyland was what really made this trip awful! On day 2 my brother and his family joined us. My niece is autistic and gets sever anxiety when standing in long unending lines so my sister in law called ahead to make sure she would be able to get an ADA pass for the lines and she was told she could. We waited in line at Town Hall for what seemed like an hour. They finally got in and requested the pass and my sister in law was made to feel like she was lying. They asked a million questions about her disability etc. If it   s the case that someone needs to prove an actual disability, why wasn   t she told over the phone to bring some type of proof with her? However we saw many able bodied people cruising up the exit line with their wheelchairs, were the given the same treatment. Your employees really need some training about autism and how if effects each person differently. We proceeded to the rides after the 20 questions and tried to have a good day. This pass my niece was given was an awful waste of time. She had to go to a specific stand (2 in the entire park) to get one fast pass which many times it seemed the fast pass lines were longer than the regular lines. But hey if we would have spent an $90 a day we could have pre booked our fast passes(a service that is Free at Disneyworld). We ate lunch in Cafe Orleans and it was great. The waitstaff was quick to clear our plates and have friendly conversation with us. Wish all the Disneyland employees were so great! We rode a few more rides and part of our group left for a nap. Later that evening we headed to the queue for Fantasmic, we were pointed to the viewing area for people we did not get fast passes and at the entrance of this queue we asked were stroller parking was and we were told to take it with us. We were walking in dim lighting mind you and looking for a spot with a grumpy tired 3 year old jumping out of his stroller. We were distracted I will say but how many parents at Disneyland go thru the same thing every single day. While we were walking not focused on the ground which I guess we were expected to be, Shania stepped in front of my stroller and said rudely this area is for fast pass only do you have a fastpass? We told her no that someone pointed us down here for queueing of people who did not have fast passes. She told us see this line (a line of green tape on the ground that is not really noticeable) you need to stay on that side. So we found seats and sat down. Unfortunately we were near to ride Shania and another employee who talked the whole time we were waiting. We heard all about her snap chat, listened to her sing about being mixed (I   m also mixed along with my kids so this is in no way related to that), listened to her playing and joking all the while being rude to everyone that didn   t see her line. Then she felt the need to approach us again after sitting in the same spot for 20 minutes to tell us we needed to move our stroller to the back. We loved the stroller and finally the show started. The show was great and we left. The experience we had during this Disneyland trip was so awful we don   t want to return ever. I guess our family got used to the great service at Disneyworld we   re employees are nice and friendly at all times, we never see them on their phones and when they are standing around queuing people they don   t talk about irrelevant things they try to keep that Disney experience away from the outside world. The unfortunate thing is despite all the negative reviews Disneyland is getting is that nothing will change and it will continue to nosedive because the hundred of families that are having awful experiences won   t change ticket sales so they won   t change anything and will continue to raise prices and families will pay to get to experience the theory of Disneyland. I wrote this review in hopes that if people keep pointing out the awful experiences they are having then maybe these kids you are hiring will get some customer service skills instead of continuing to think that they can treat people however they choose because even if that family or person doesn   t return others will. Get it together Disneyland for the millions of other families that are going to waste their money, time and family vacation time on coming there!Booked a trip to Disney for a week for my 4 year old daughters b day. We have 3 other children. Bought 3 day hopper online only to spend an hour at the ticket booth since staff could not find the tickets in    the system    conformation email apparently was not sufficient. Upon standing in line dealing with a cantankerous female booth worker we were told sorry can   t find them..... So, a not so quick phone call for refund followed and we paid a premium at the booth for same tickets. Finally got in mid day whooo hooo. Met with crowds long waits, over priced food and more unfriendly staff. Mind you this was the off season too. Ordered some food screwed it up, oh well ate it anyway. Several rides closed and Arielle   s Grotto closed. Daughter wanted a meal with the princesses as far as I could research there are no other establishments that offer this. Disney without princesses nice. Furthermore, parking. We made mistake of parking in the shopping area, downtown Disney. For a mere 48$ a day you can park here. We found out later after asking multiple people that you can validate it by spending money in the shopping district. Of course after we   d paid 48$ twice for two days. Booth employee said bring receipt, so ate a 130$ meal for six, brought receipt only to be told nope stamp on ticket only. Asked for a supervisor to plead our case. Brian, the apparent supervisor came told us what you can   t read the sign it   s been there all day since 7:30. The one that says validate you see, wow. Hmmm we are morons perhaps but explained what we   d been told, he said you can   t read? Wow ultimately paid 96$ in one day to park since we left for naps and came back. Ticket from earlier didn   t matter either. It   s down right criminal. Happiest place on earth Nope just look at all the other over paying suckers and ask yourself is it? Problem is putting a price on a child   s happiness a parents weakness of which Disney is the authority of exploitation. This was not our first trip been to Aulani and Disneyworld as well the service here in Anaheim fell far far short it   s become an unfriendly corporate corrupt world with disgruntled unfriendly employees.I grew up going to Disneyland   was there on opening day of Space Mountain in the 1970s. It used to be so fun at Disneyland   not too crowded, clean park, everything running & polite staff. As an adult and parent   I have taken my daughter to Disneyland 3 times now   each time it got progressively less magical with the cost, the dirtiness factor, the LONG & RIDICULOUS lines and main attractions closed. This is really not the  happiest place on earth . My daughter rather go to the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk! We (a family of 10, ages 2 68) all visited Disneyland & California Adventure Park on February 16 & 17. It was a waste of time & money. Adventure Park: maybe 4 rides for people over the age of 7 and the waits for those rides were rediculous (1.5   2 hours). Many of the rides were closed or broke down during our visit. Next day at Disneyland, again rides closed, long waits, rides breaking down left and right and way too many people! We should have been told more about the parks when we purchased the tickets or even when I called in advance to ask questions. One park is primarily for little kids and the other, unless you pay for the Fastpass app and figure out how to use it quickly, don't waste your time or money going here. I personally cannot ride any rides due to medical issues, but still had to pay full price (rent for the space I took up while standing for hours waiting, possibly??)go somewhere where there were some guards who came to me that they thought it was me who did something criminal or something and I did not even get the money back! 1300kr away on nothingMost expensive place on earth! Paid over $4000 for 3 nights at Disneyland Grand Californian, 2 day Park passes for 3 people (two adults one toddler). Bought the max pass in addition and ate every meal on premises. Extraordinarily expensive and low value. There were 5 rides broken throughout the Saturday Feb 10 (Snow white, Pinocchio, Star Wars, Roger Rabbit, Small World) that we know of. This causes the lines at working rides to double triple in length. Received Bonus multi fast pass on app because one of the rides was broken. Nice! But Wanted to use it at Small World and told we couldn   t because the fast pass machine was broken!! At every turn, even when Disney tried to make it right, it failed. Also, Disney won   t tell you the ENTIRE railway system on main street and castle area is 100% under construction across the park so the crowds have no where to go. There is no mention of this at time Of booking with the Disney travel agent by the way    and they charge you the same. January is typically construction time but it   s now mid Feb. Unacceptable. The staff were average at best as even said to us    we are breaking down   . Ate character breakfast at Park with Mini, made reservations, etc sat us in corner, no one cleared our plates until we were 100% done, and food was greasy and low quality. Disney will gladly take your money, treat you average and not tell you they should discount their prices because they sell something that is subpar. Their Tomorrowland is 1970   s Star Wars. The submarine ride is 1970   s 20,000 leagues under the sea now with Nemo holograms. Old. But if they were to improve something, they should invest more money in their app. We still had paper plastic tickets and none of our stay was linked to the app automatically. It should all be automated! Systems are not talking to each other and it shows. Not seamless. They are running an average operation at best and over selling it based on their reputation. Disney corporate should take note of the poor reviews on Trip Advisor. I don   t even see any comments fromDisney management on Trip Advisor explaining the situation. So, sorry, but the Disney magic is gone for me in California. My recommendation is to look for another park or another vacation location to spend your hard earned dollars. Disneyland lost its luster and its simply not worth the money anymore. The park is aging and it needs a major redo to keep up with the times. Walt would be disappointed. Maybe try Florida. This park is alright, but the only thing it has that Disney World doesn't have is the Matterhorn. Otherwise, it's too small and generally boring compared to Disney World in Orlando.I have visited Disney for 20 years. great times . great memories. Over the last 5 years the park has become more crowded or less staffed. The rides are not kept up like they used to be or they are used harder . Disney used to be pristine. from rides to hedges to sparking restrooms. This is not the case any longer. It seems that good enough is the new standard. Having major attractions closed for renovations is part of the maintenance. Having 3 of your 6 major rides down seems like i am being ripped off. The food is 3 out of 10. the price is 400% out side in the real world. if you are going to charge me. that rate have the decency to make it taste like someone actually tried it before you tried to sell it. Bottom line is   you will go because you are forced by tradition   you will miss the good old days when there was pride taken in doing an exceptional job and a desire to provide you a magical day. my advice pack a lunch and a few snacks. Follow up a year later. Same issues only worse. Bathroom cleaning was just horrible. Gross as can be. The grounds were dirty and unkept. Buzz light year ride smelled so bad i was embarrassed I had my kids there. Food is still un worthy of any cost . Got stuck on space mountain snd thunder mountain. Go to universal Studios  they seem to be on the rise New Year's Eve was horrible. By noon there was standing room only. There was long lines to eat, to shop, to use the restrooms, several hours for all rides. They should limit the amount of people or double the price of admission and try and limit crowds on special days. So people can enjoy a special day at a special place. Nothing feels special when you can't take a step anywhere without almost stepping on someone.On the day I went, things were so congested and miserable that some people were walking around with very poor attitudes. I witnessed 2 different insidents where fights almost erupted. Not a nice atmosphere for the kids.I'll be hard pressed to return.Sad to say, this is the last time I   ll ever visit Disney. It   s an over crowded, worn out park that has nothing to offer than 2.5 hour wait times with smelly Americans who fart because of the amount of junk food they consume. Nothing worked as it should, and all our photos from the small amount of rides we actually got to go on we   re in accessible due to the payment system failing. Don   t waste your time and money to line up.Paid $125 for one ticket was told that they have something called fast pass but every time I went to use the fast pass they said that it was all filled up cat use.each ride was at least a two hour waitI was really looking forward to was the fireworks waited from 8:00 until 930 got a good spot was told THEN. they said we're sorry we're not doing it due to wind yet nothing was windy the trees weren't blowing we all were saying they must've just run out of fireworks In 10 hours only got on five rides because the rest of the time we were just waiting in line to go on a rides Walt Disney had a documentary and he said he wanted the park to be affordable for everybody I can't even imagine a family of four paying so much money and getting so disappointed it's the biggest rip off on or not the happiest place on earthWe have been annual pass holders for several years but now, we will not renew. Disney has been changing their policies and apparently improving services    for the worse. Now they have the Max Fast Pass. They charge $10 per person. We bought it, never worked. Wasted all of our time trying to get a refund and didn   t get any fast pass. Information told us ticketing will be able to refund us, but ticketing said the only ones who could refund was the app and to call there. DO not waste your time getting this app service because you   ll end up wasting all your time trying to get your money back for something that doesn   t work. We spent $600 on tickets and were only able to go on 6 rides over a two day visit. Wait times were 120 to 150 minutes. No ride is worth that wait. It's a pretty park but couldn't even enjoy the views because of all the people.My family and friends went to LA Disney today and to say we were disappointed is an understatement. Don   t waste your money. They say they allow 60000 to 70000 people before they shut the park. Try 200000. Could not move. Only half the Park was open due to power problems. We were there from 8am till late afternoon and only managed 2 rides. The lines were 2 to 3 hours wait on some rides. The rest were and hour. Didn   t see any characters and the lines for food were ridiculous. We traveled from Australia and this was our must do in LA. Forget it. Waste of time. Hated it. 1 Star is too manyWe frequent Disneyland every few years all the way from NZ. This trip was made due to the changes due next year and the closing changing of a few things in the area so we thought we go this year rather than next. We keep up to date by a number of bloggers and online 'Disney' fanatics and were looking forward to seeing the Christmas thanks giving celebrations and decor. While the decorations didn   t disappoint the customer service and staff did. Normally the park turns over like a well oiled machine, knowing where to line up, being advised to stay one side, the staff advising of ride closures and reopens but over the 10 days we were at the parks there were so many ride lines that extended past the normal waiting areas and no staff around to let people know where to continue to form the line so people were pushing and jumping into the Q. The worst is where a families have one person line up and then when they are close to the front the whole family joins the Q. When we were waiting for both Santa and Jack & Sally there were more than 40 people that joined the Q towards the end on each occasion and we counted more than 50 for Soaring. While I understand that this is a 'guest issue' It would be nice if they would address this and maybe just a friendly reminder that you must have everyone in your party that wishes to ride in line etc.At the Matterhorn there was an older guy who looked like he was trying to be way more important that he was, switching lines all over the place telling people to move from the back of the line to the front. Not taking the single riders but instead splitting families and leaving the single riders line getting bigger and bigger. The other girl kept looking up to the control window as guest continued to question why the lines were being mixed up so badly but again none of the staff did anything. We rode the next day and they were still doing the same thing.A few times when we were served it was mid conversation with other cast members and some almost didn   t even look up. We received better customer service at Target that we did at Disneyland. If you are from overseas I wouldn   t follow the Disney style vlogs and blogs too much. Wi Fi is almost nonexistence so don   t read into the hype of the max & photo pass. The snack food they say is so delicious.. 8 10 times its actually not. When they say walk don   t run (you   ll be the only ones actually walking) yes it IS Disneyland and there are a CRAZY number of giant prams and strollers but that seems to be catered for however the number of ride on scooters    SERIOUSLY THERE ARE HUNDREDS and the drivers don   t budge it   s like they have a feeling of entitlement, we saw adults on these things constantly cutting off EVERYONE, including children and people in wheelchairs. We were asked a number of times to fill out a questionnaire but all of the questions were always 'where are you from' 'what hotel did you stay in' 'who did you travel with' yet we were asked to do the same thing at Universal and were taken upstairs and asked questions that were regarding improving our experience at the park, what we enjoyed and disliked and the interaction of staff and characters with us during our time at the park. Disney was just interested in volume and numbers. So many things on the internet are made out to be better than they actually are and unfortunately this was our experience with Disneyland over 10 days this time around. The park itself is beautiful and we are stuck between a rock and a hard place. We will no doubt continue to visit but next time Instead of making it the 'destination of the our trips' our expectations will be lower and our pass with be no more than 3 days.Really disappointedI've written many reviews and so few are bad ones.The Disney Magic is an old man behind a curtain. The rides are ancient and break down all the time. You get to wait in line for over an hour ( yes the fast pass works some times ) and then the rides don't always work. We had 3 of 7 rides break down before and while we were on them. WHAT A WASTE OF TIME for $1,000 day. Let's add it up, Park tickets, food, hotel and transportation....yep $1,000. We wrote them about the rides breaking down but they really didn't care. Spend your money elsewhere and you've not feel as we did.Decided to take my little one because I think every kid deserves to go at least once but this place is a joke and so over priced. I spent 600 dollars on tickets for me and my babe which I shouldn't have spent that much it's a damn rip off. The stupid fast pass I used once and it wouldn't let me use it anymore which was another waste of money. Plus they stop fast passes around 5pm so you have to do times like right when you get to the park. It's so crowded like you can't move without getting bumped or hit. I was there for 16 hours and rode 7 rides with my baby because most of the wait was a hour and a half to three hours which is nuts it shouldn't be that way. It isn't how it used to be that's for sure. Went to Disneyland on Monday, Nov 20 with my husband. We decided to purchase the    MaxPass    to get the most out of our visit. You   re supposed to be able to book fast pass lines in advance on your phone, however you can only book one ride at a time.So we arrived at Disneyland at 8:30 AM, our first fast pass ride wasn   t available until 11:20 (splash mountain). Did this, then booked the next available fast pass at 12:50. The park became so packed and busy with people, we could barely walk anywhere! We tried going for lunch but all restaurants kept telling visitors that it was    reservation only    and we would be turned away. We stood in line for 45 minutes for a hot dog, then barely made it to Indiana Jones where we stood in the    fast line    for 30 minutes. After this ride, we tried to book another but the next available ride wasn   t until 2:50 pm. There was a parade going on and we couldn   t get across the park to space mountain, etc (all other ride wait times were 75 minutes   as per the park!!)We just decided to leave, not worth the money or wait, and the park was way too packed with people.Such a waste of money.I know Disneyland is called the  Happiest Place on Earth , but I was highly disappointed on my recent visit.. my 4 year old grand daughter and her mom, my other daughter and myself all planned a surprise first visit to Disney for my grand daughter...We bought a day pass as my daughter and grand daughter flew down from Washington state for only a few days.We were anticipating a fantastic day, and we did enjoy it, as my 4 year old was excited and loved the rides, with  Splash Mountain  as a favorite. we had arrived early to make the most of the day, 10 am to 10pm...Then around 8:30 pm we decided to ride  Peter Pan  , the most popular kids attraction in Fantasyland,which earlier in the day the line was too long, even at 8:30 pm we still had to wait patiently for 30 min!We get too the front of the line after a long wait, and were told to all 4 of us get into the ride, we tried to sit comfortably , but it just wasn't going to work, my granddaughter was trying to adjust and stood up with her back to the heavy metal bar that is pushed down to secure you in the ride, then the girl handling the ride told us to please sit down and proceeded to push the bar down on my grand daughters back several times. I was appalled and told her we wouldn't all fit, the handler  Gracie  kept insisting, I asked her if we could step out and hop in next car? she insisted we stuff inside.She was extremely rude to all of us and to push a metal bar down on my grand daughters back was not necessary... Gracie then said something rude to my 2 daughters , rolled her eyes and after we got out she sent them on into the ride, told my grand daughter and I to step back behind the yellow line and then slammed her hand down on the control panel and stopped the entire ride, and stormed off....I really couldn't believe what I was seeing. then another young woman came to handle the controls and I asked her the name of the girl who stormed off, she said she didn't know and that she was new to Disney and the ride itself. A few moments later a young man came in and several other employees and they proceeded to talk about how to get the ride running again. This young man it turns out was  Javier  the manager of the ride.We were baffled as to why the ride wasn't proceeding,My daughters called me from inside the ride and said the lights came on inside the ride with another couple in front of them wondering what happened, at least 20 minutes later the ride started again, never an apology to us having to wait, then my 2 daughters inside had to ride with all lights on and got to end of the ride and asked if they could ride again but were told to get off.Gracie, the rude girl was now at the end of the ride and threw up her hand , rolled her eyes and said something rude to my daughters again. the manger Javier was told what had happened and how we were all harassed , and said it wasn't harassement, and he brushed it off.At this time we were told to get back on the ride, my grand daughter and myself and ride through, I was disgusted by the treatment and lack there of, and never offered any explanation.Luckily after meeting my 2 daughters at end of ride, and exiting we found another Peter Pan worker , Gabby , who told us to go to the City Hall, and ask for a  Plaid  to file a complaint. she was the only ride employee who offered an apology for what had just happened...and said that not all the employees at Disney are so nice....We were extremely upset and decided to go take the train to the City Hall at the entrance as we were all exhausted, we finally arrived and had to wait in a long line to file a complaint.This was now 10:pm at night and we were so tired, we waited in the customer complaint line for over 30 min. and go inside and the young woman heard our plea, and was so scripted in her answer, saying how sorry she was this all happened and that this was not a good experience and then she offered us  fast passes' the rides , and no other compensation, We were in shock, as it was 10:30 pm at night, and the park closed in 30 min... and they were offering us fast passes... I have taken this up via email and phone call to Disneyland customer support with no offering except saying the employees would be under review and that was it...they couldn't offer any further compensation.I would think that Disney could at the mimimum offer us a return park tickets to experience another day to redeem the bad experience or offer us our money back, at the least, as the harassement we received was highly unnecessary and a 4 year old should never have a metal bar pushed down on her back.... this was her first ever Disneyland experience and one she will remember...Anyone else have a similar experience? please let me know .Visited the park on Veterans day. Massive queue of traffic just to get to the parking ticket booth. Fortunately I had already bought the park entry tickets as the line to buy was also long. The park must have been at capacity as there was really only space to stand for each person. Even with fast passes and arriving early in the morning we managed to get only a small number of rides. 145 minute wait to ride on  its a small world  was unbelievable. I do not recommend wasting your valuable time and effort coming to this park. If you wish to see Disney go to magic kingdom on the east coast. For me this was not a good experience which was quite surprising.took my kids here many many times could not wait to bring grandson and I qm here to tell you this is not Disneyland, it is a theme park that has its hand out. They need to start limiting the amount of people it is soi uncomfortable, they should tell people thsat since they are coming in the week they will be shorted three hours each day, will not see paraded and will not see fireworks but they WILL PAY the same price!!! They are not happy, they are rude especially on the monorail where being in a wheel chair I was mortified thank you for that we aren't uncomfortable enough. the food offered had Dropped by about 90 points it is bad so bring your own you will be in a giant grease pit if you don't and you will pay dearly for It too when a hot dog is 9 dollars! the nicest cast members were at the haunted house kudos to all of them!! I was sadden by something my parents took me to in 55, and many years after, then I took my kids all their childhood and they went as teenagers and my first trip with grandson and I was disgusted and embarrassed it is not walts park any more.We were in town for a couple days and bought a couple single day park hopper passes at about 10PM from our hotel on Oct 21 for use on Oct 22. We were sold on the idea to add MaxPass to the tickets to help with Fastpass lines. I ordered Maxpass using the App 1030PM Oct 21 for both our passes. When we got to the park, the app said we had to buy the max passes again. Tried to buy again and still didn't work. I phoned in and was on hold for 9 min at 9:49am and again at 10:56 for another 9 min and called again and finally got through. I was told they couldn't refund the charges on the phone and that I had to visit park guest services. This is totally unreasonable. I spent 45 min lining up and visiting guest services to explain. They were suggesting that it may be a problem with my phone or the signal. 5 other people were complaining at the same time. It seemed to be the only complaint that day. Why not just admit it's not working, sincerely apologize and offer an immediate and prompt refund. They finally refunded me after much wasted time and unnecessary discussions. The next day, Oct 23, my credit card was charged again for another $20.00 but I had deleted the app so I can't figure out how or why we were charged again? I call in today Oct 24 to complain (another 15 min on the phone, transfer to a supervisor, etc) and was told I should get a refund back in a couple weeks latest but to keep checking. A good business would extend an offer at a minimum of an instant refund (not one that takes hours of complaining and time on hold to receive). Since it took hours to conclude, Id also extend an offer a courtesy comp pass for the next visit to make up for the inconvenience. No such customer service experience with Disneyland. Walt Disney's legacy was the creation of what most humans think of as the happiest place on earth. He left that legacy in the hands of management to maintain and uphold. My opinion is that responsibility is sacred and that Disney Corp needs to consider this when making policy and procedures. Sometimes you need to let your staff be human and deal with issues as they see fit but I get the feeling staff have their hands tied or are poorly trained about customer service. I understand that certain policy is in place to prevent abuse of your system but it can be a double edge sword when a policy is too cumbersome, rigid and firm, you will end up hurting your good customers and turning your staff into subservient robots insincerely spouting canned speech language about how disingenuously sorry they are for your trouble. We recently visited Disneyland on Saturday, October 7, 2017, and had a rather unfortunate experience. My husband and I were able to enjoy most of the park on a busy day (due to much strategic planning and use of the fastpass system). That was great as it was his first time, but it'll probably be our last time.A huge damper was put on our visit when we went to ride Splash Mountain. I was so excited to ride as we used one of our fastpasses and bypassed a 90 min lineup. I was worried when we were put in a boat with four other men (my husband and I are by no means tiny) but I figured we would be fine if a cast member thought it was okay for that much weight in the boat. The ride was great, we had a monumental tidal wave that thoroughly soaked us   all in good fun!What was NOT fun at all was when we got to the unloading zone the boat was too heavy to make it back up the mechanism   we were stuck just beyond the emergency exit. After about 15 mins the cast members unloaded all of the other boats but told us to stay where we were. Due to liability, the jump to make it back to the emergency exit was too big. We needed to stay where we were in order to not be escorted out of the park. The fire dept had been called and would be coming soon.More than 60 minutes later the firemen showed up, only to tell us  Sorry it took so long but someone called us and told us you didn't need us anymore . That was NOT something that you want to hear after waiting for so long to be 'rescued'.In the 60 minutes that we waited our boat was a spectacle for all the people in line. We were pointed and laughed at, photos and videos were taken. Some of the men in the boat were visibly very uncomfortable with the additional attention and requested numerous times that the lineup to be cleared from sight to stop the ridicule. Nothing was done   Cast members themselves all came to check out the situation   not to be confused with 'Check on'.At no point was there communication to us or regular updates   there was no 'are you okay' from cast members, or can we get you anything. One request made by another one of the men was just a simple plastic bag as his phone and camera had been soaked and ruined from the splash   he had to ask four times.The issue isn't that we were stuck or that we had to wait. I get it, rides break, stuff happens and it's all a part of the experience. The thing that's so upsetting is that this is DISNEY. The epitome of customer service and the place where the magic happens, NOT a place to be pointed and laughed at, underserviced, or shrugged off.I followed up with Disney customer service and received a cookie cutter canned response  we're sorry the ride broke  and  we're sorry you had bad service  cut and paste out of an employee manual.I completely understand that things happen, rides and attractions have technical difficulties. Our experience was a little beyond 'disappointment over the temporary closure of Splash Mountain', it was the fact that we WERE the temporary closure of Splash Mountain as a result of poor judgment of the staff. As such we were treated distastefully by all staff, not to mention the harassment and spectacle we endured during the wait.We had already missed the fireworks.Visiting from Canada for the weekend we only had one day in the park. I asked if we could talk to someone about the possibility of a meal voucher or gift card for the shops we were shrugged off and they told us to go to 'city hall' customer service, where I could wait again and lose the rest of our ONLY evening. We had at this point already lost almost 2 hours of our very limited time in the park.It would be nice to receive a genuine apology for myself and the other men in the boat. This is Disney... the epitome of customer service and the go to example used in all experiential marketing. I'm hoping they can make it right and restore the magic in my eyes.I would also strongly encourage a weight distribution disclaimer for your staff at Splash Mountain   rather than cramming the boats full, consideration of safety first.Disneyland is NOT what it used to be.Too crowded we were there 4 days and could not get a photo with Mickey or Minnie! everytime we went to line up Mickey or Minnie had to go for a rest this happened for 4 days! I said to a lady its one little girl we have been here 4 days and going home today this is our last chance!! nope they don't care Badluck see ya later attitude!! Not the happiest friendliest staff on earth !!!!!!!We are an Indian family, I had visited with my wife and 2 small children, and had visited the classic disneyland park, though the park facilities were superb, the staff at the park were racial in their attitude, specially calling out one irritating experience which ruined our whole trip to the park, during evenings their is this lazer light show near the lake, one of the white male staff who was in his 50's wearing the short's and tucked in shirt with a hat, the usual staff attire at the park, was rudely behaving with my family and was insisting that we cannot stand at a spot, though my wife was pleading to let us stand for a few minutes as we were getting our children ready to move, here we have this monster threatening my family when i could see there were other White couples and their families and other white individuals whom he was ignoring, and specifically targeting us, i really regret taking my family to this racist park with staff behaving rudely around small children like wild dogs. Shame.Disney has to do something about the lines the wait times have gotten out of control.  It isn't any fun when you can't even walk down near New Orleans Square.  It's so crowded.Long lines which I expected but not good with young children ( 6 years old) We were told that by buying advance tickets we could skip the long lines to get in. It took 1 hour in the bag search line then another hour in the ticket line. Kids were having meltdowns everywhere. Parents were frustrated. We took autograph books to get character autographs and pictures but lines to get up to see the characters were at least 60 100 people long. Two days there... got two autographs and went on two rides.So awful we just went back to hotel to swim. Fireworks were nice. We watched them from the hotel.It makes no sense to spend the better part of $200 to walk thru the gate and stand in line all dang day to get on just 3 4 rides!!! The cost of food is ridiculous!!!! They do try to maintain park cleanliness but it's difficult. It is just a total money grab by the Disney Corp. They claimed they raised prices to cut down on crowds but they know DARN WELL people will still go, and they will take their kids and grand kids. The only way to limit crowds is to LIMIT CROWDS. Find a maximum number and then close the gates!!! They threaten to do that all the time but I've never seen it actually done. So bring a picnic lunch, bring ur walkin (standin) shoes and go enjoy the Happiest (most crowded) Place On Earth!!!! And don't forget ur camera to get the pics of the little ones (after standing in a ridiculous line of course!)Disneyland was short staffed. Security only had 2 lines open. Maintenance couldn't keep up on broken rides. Half of Fantasyland wasn't open for magic morning. Hours were 10am 8pm even though the whole park was packed to the point that parking lots were closed. Until Disneyland can get a clue that THERE IS NO OFF SEASON, then I will stop attending. I don't need to pay that much for my family to be thrown whatever scraps disney decides to throw me in September...even though I am paying the same full price as July folks.We went in a weekday early in the morning. It was supposed to be an off peak day. Terribly long queues. The wait time is way more than the announced one (in the couple of plays we tried). The park is small so loads of visitors jammed on the available plays. We left after 3 hours. We cant wait 1 hour in line. I can't imagine how weekends look like !I guess people only tolerate this for their kids. So if you are a group of friends couple with no kids avoid by all means. Too crowded even a weekday , way too long lines, 3 different lines just to get in the park ( security, train, entrance)   Music too loud  This was my first and last time at Disney  Definitively not for me .Shoulder to shoulder, hot with minimal shade, lines too long to actually go on anything.After several dismissive interactions with staff the whole horrible weekend culminated in me sitting on a bench and crying, while passersby (and  cast members ) pretended not to see me.I've never felt less valued as a customer. I wish we'd saved the money. I would never go back.This is not the first amusement park we visit, so we know we should prepare to wait in line, but 30 60 minutes?! Are you serious! It started with waiting in line to pay for parking, yes you need to pay for parking as well. Then you wait in line to board a tram. Then to buy a ticket. Then you think ok, I've just spent 1 hour in lines and paid $400 it will be amazing. Well it isn't and quite an opposite ! For some reason adults are going on the children rides by themselves! I would never recommend this Park to anyone. It is very bad experience and the waiting time is to much foe each game, and the fast pass is vey bad idea ,at least they have to make an option for the game as fast lane in universal studios , veryyyyyyyy baaaaaaaaaaaaaad experience and my advice if you wang to come, come only to walk and see , really you do not need to wait one hour for five minute game .The worst place with kids to visit they were over priced in about 4 hours we were done it's too small for the price they charge not enough the one in ORLANDO it's 100 times betterNumerous problems with Disneyland Park in California.Pros:1. Fireworks show is good....thats the only positiveCons: 1. Parks are dangerously overcrowded2. 40 min que just to get into customer relations due to a problem with one of our tickets3. Lack of adequate signs for the main exit, fast past distribution signs lacking and why put fast past distribution away from the ride entrance area?...lots of people asking where ride fast pass booths were....if people have to ask then maybe put better signs up!. Some rides have fastpass lines split into 2 without any signs......heres an idea..put some signs up!4. No fans...in 96 degrees ques. Florida gas lots of fans on for the ques so why none at disneyland?...lack of shade in que lines.5. Numerous ride breakdowns. Toy story mania broke down and it was like it was all the staffs 1st day, they were useless and the tannoy was by an inaudible member of staff.6. No please or thank you by staff serving at the food carts....manners cost nothing.7. 2 days at the parks and no sign of mickey or minnie mouse!!....really poor.8. Price of souvenirs and parking higher than florida.9. Lines to get into the park, through bag check and onto trams way too long.10. Three large construction cranes in plain view in disneyland....you will need to edit them out of any pictures.11. Castle is tiny compared to florida12. Distinct lack of shows compared to florida13. Happiest place on earth?. Really.....many many miserable staff, fed up customers.First and most definetly last ever disney trip.Don't think of trying to come here if you don't have an experienced Disney local to help you find your way to get tickets and enter the park. We were shocked with the lack of information online beforehand, and the absence of people to help us find our way to the entrance and to explain how the park works. There are no helpful signs at the park entrance. When you ask people standing around chatting to each other in uniforms they get annoyed that you've interrupted their chats and tell you to go to the ticket booth. Where is the ticket booth???There are so many varieties of tickets available and strange systems of fast past etc. No information is available from Disney about how this all works. We had to spend hours beforehand reading reviews and blogs from Disney enthusiasts. Once we finally made it inside, paying a very tidy sum to do so, the place is jam packed with shops, shops and more shops! There are a few rides, but you'll spend hours and hours queuing for them. We really got the sense that Disneyland took our enthusiasm and efforts to come to Anaheim for granted. They didn't need to lift a finger to do anything to make it a happy place, as long as we were spending money I was screamed at by one of the staff . Like what the hell , i am a customer don't i get any respect. All because she thought i was stealing which it was clearly not cause i got the freakin receiptI've been to Disneyland 10 or 12 times since I was a kid 55 years ago. It's really changed a lot in the last 10 years and not for the better. The parking lot is a rat's maze. My niece was on crutches and it was a loooong hike to the front gate. We rented an electric wheelchair for $50. A push chair was $30. We went down to the end of Main street to where there used to be an inside restaurant on the East side. It's a breakfast buffet now. They asked if I had reservations. Ha. They seated us outside in the 95 degree sun. The food was mediocre at best. The cost for a family of 4 was $140.  Holy crap!  I blurted out. I apologized for saying a bad word to the lady running the cash register. Most of the Disney characters came to the table to say hello. But I had to chase down Minnie to get a picture. We went to the Indiana Jones ride and waited for an hour to get on it. Then we went to the Haunted house. Another hour in line in the 95 degree sun. We couldn't get our family of four into 2 cars because she can't walk very good and the cars were moving way too fast for her to negotiate. She fell into a car and my wife jumped into it with her. We got split up into 3 cars. I got in a car with 2 strangers that was meant to hold 2 people. Stopped by a vendor to get 2 pops and 2 waters. That's a quick $16. Damn! You have a choice of dehydrating or getting robbed buying drinks. I've never seen so many people crammed into such a small area as Disneyland on a Saturday. It was the same routine all day. Wait for an hour or an hour and a half in line for a 3 minute ride. Then get ripped off paying $4 for a 10 cent bottle of water or $4 for an ice cream bar. We drove 1,300 miles for that. I should have just gone to Compton to get robbed by someone who really needed the money. There isn't hardly anywhere to sit and rest. Near the end of an exhausting day was the parade. No place to sit. But you can stand way in the back (if you're lucky) for the parade. Then at night comes the parade of lights. What a mess getting crammed into a mass of humanity. The girl working crowd control said we should come back for the later parade at 10:45. She said  You only have to come 5 minutes early to get a good seat.  That's the biggest lie I've heard in a long time. Then there was the fireworks. Standing on Main street sandwiched in the mass of sweaty people wasn't a lot of fun. It was jam packed with tens of thousands of people pushing up against you. I wanted out of there to get some fresh air but couldn't move an inch. Disneyland was fun in the old days. The more they try to improve it the worse it gets. There is NO WAY I'll ever go there again. I'll just go to the bathroom and flush $3000 down the toilet instead.It has been a horrible day, we arrived early to avoid all the waiting and we found out that you have to purchase a fast track at machines that sometimes due to all people you cannot see, plus you still have to wait and line up... so basically a full rubbish and tiring day because we only got to go on a few rides oh and between we had to go to another side to apply for farst track then to another. This we eventuslly worked out as we never got it explained properly and then the lunch was another story to dine in a nice romantic dark with lights in new orleans area to feel ripped off. So expensive tickets and meal and didn't get much out of it. And I love the final  icing to the cake moment . I walk into a shop asking if there was anywhere in the park who would sell a beast toy teddy for my niece since she loved beauty and the beast movie and has the 2 bellas' and is missing the beast and I had promissed her to get her one... well I was looked like I was weird and tokd they don't sell those toys, only when the movie came out and that was a long time ago and that they move on to new movies (excuse me??? Old movie??? I mean the film you dumb and that is a classic!!!! Go and do some serious studying) anyway... I found they DO sell somethings of beauty and the beast but unfortunately not the doll teddy of beast. So overall, a very dissapointed day. Wsnted to go to the park since I was a kid and realised I had such a better time at Universal Studios. At least their system works, got to go on the rides and enjoy the park without all the stress to of waiting to go on the ride... that was the reason we paid more. Sorry disney, but I bet I am not the only one who has felt ripped off and had their day ruined.We have been to Disneyland many times and never had a problem until this trip. I have Rheumatoid arthritis and while I may look  normal  it is very difficult to stand for any period of time. I guess they have a new policy where you have to convince the person that you have a disability. I guess she felt that I wasn't disabled enough as she said that if I was unwilling to have my husband push me around in a wheelchair I was going to have a difficult time. Well she was right I had a difficult time and ended up leaving hours early. Good thing my children are old enough to stay themselves otherwise the whole family would have been disappointed. We will be spending our money on other vacations as this will be our last trip to Disneyland.I hate everything about this place, which sucks cause growing up I loved it. My last experience will most definitely keep me from ever coming back.This was the first visit to Disneyland for myself, my husband and two of our grandsons. We were so disappointed by how dirty the park was especially the bathrooms. Didn't find a clean one the whole 4 days there. The prices at the nicer restaurants are outrageous averaging $250 per dinner for the four of us. 90% of the staff i.e. Cast Members were unfriendly and some down right rude. Fast passes for the more popular rides were sold out by 10:00 AM every day. We were told we would get early admission one day with a multiple day pass but when we tried to use it we were told it is only good on specific days of the week. It was our last day, a Thursday and not valid on that day so we were turned away. We found the same scenario at California Adventure. We would never return to this place and wouldn't recommend it either. We go frequently to Disney World and will be going again in August this year. We have NEVER EVER been disappointed there. The actual experience is so far short of what we expected and frankly was a horrible let down. I feel like we were cheated and mistreated. The buildup is telling the kids how great it will be, spending huge money buying park tickets and hotel rooms, as well as the travel expense to get there and time off work for a dream vacation you've been talking about for years. The reality is long line after long line as you sweat in the hot sun all the while getting angry at the reality of it all. We went on a Thursday and the park was packed, as I realize it must be every day. We were able to ride 4 or 5 rides the entire day. Lines were over 2 hours long for anything you'd get excited about. It was hot. They have no misters to cool you down and do not provide enough shade in the lines. They have a fast pass system that was either broken for some rides, or sold out within a couple hours of the park opening due to too many distributed already, so we were out of luck for any remedies to the long waits. We spent thousands of dollars on this vacation and got to ride 4 or 5 rides that were about 60 seconds long after hours and hours of waiting, what a deal. The experience was just so disappointing. Wow how far Disneyland has fallen. Happiest place on earth? Really? I would have rather sat in traffic for 8 hours, which is basically what we did, only without the comfort of seats, air conditioning, and a radio.I recently visited your Disneyland Theme Park and I had the absolutely worse and unpleasant experience as I was entering the shuttle area to go into the Disney theme park. Meek yelled at my family and embarrasses us in front of many guests and other staff. And on top of that, she refused to answer our questions about getting to the park! This was outrageous and very poor customer service.My family and I were dropped off in the  Woody  Shuttle area and we were yelled at by a staff member   MEEK (Chicago, IL). She was extremely rude and had poor customer service towards us. I understand that we were confused by which Shuttle area to wait at as there are many stops to choose from, Buzz Lightyear, Woody, ect., however as we were crossing the street to go to the Woody area   she immediately yelled  NO! GO BACK AROUND THE SIDEWALK! . We stopped on the sidewalk and asked  But we are looking for the shuttle to go to the park.  She continues to yell  NO! WALK AROUND THE SIDEWALK! . I responded,  I just have a question about     and she cuts me off by again yelling,  I DON'T CARE, IF YOU HAVE A QUESTION WALK AROUND THE SIDEWALK TO ME! . This was extremely embarrassing for my family by being made a spectacle in front of all of the many guests and staff that were in the area. I couldn't believe my first moment at Disney was so unpleasant. I would have appreciated if she was more civil with her approach and added  Please  or  For your safety, please come towards this side.  But her rude tone and aggression towards my family was uncalled for. To make matters worse, my family walked over to the Woody Shuttle area and when we got there, she REFUSED to answer our question! My family heard her say  I don't want to answer their question. Have someone else talk to them.  That's outrageous that a Disney staff member wouldn't even be willing to help us. First, this staff member(MEEK) yells at and embarrasses my family   and then, she refuses to answer our question. This start of the day completely ruined our Disney trip and we couldn't enjoy the rest of the day. Just because of one poor experience in the beginning. My family flew out all the way from Florida for this one day and it was ruined by one poor staff member. I hope the training could get better for the the shuttle parking staff and that Meek gets the proper repercussion. The parking staff are the very first people to see Disney guests and I would hope that the very first moment at Disney starts as magical and that they understand the importance of a first impression.Today I'm in Disneyland in Anaheim, CA. I'm here to report that two of their most popular attractions are closed due to maintenance issues. The Hunted Manssion and the Thunder Mountain. It is a shame that a park like this is having this kind of issues when summer is kicking of. I can't do anything but wonder when we will hear about a safety incident here. Also feel like I'm owed a refund because no one told us about this until we showed up at entrance. The fact that these attractions were closed caused that the others to be extremely crowded making the park experience completely worthless. After all the hype you hear about Disney it was a sham and a waste of a vacation day. Literally rammed prams left right and centre (babies can't go on the rides) queues for days. I'm struggling to see what adults actually enjoyed it. Would never visit a Disney est again. No rides just attractions. . Disney customer service used to be second to none. That has changed and it's disappointing.The park is overcrowded and cast members seem to despise their jobs. You never used to hear them chit chatting among themselves but I was privy to a conversation between two workers in Toon town discussing how understaffed they were, and how one requested full time but didn't get it, and blah blah. The ride CMs seem especially annoyed by the guests, but I guess with so many guests and not enough employees...in fact our Star Tours ride was delayed because one guest was left without a seat.Walt would be very very sad to see what's become of Disneyland...the magic is gone and I won't pay thousands of dollars when I can get the same level of service for less at Knotts OR even better service for less at Universal! Yes, Universal now surpasses Disneyland for customer service (California Adventure is still superior though!)Went here on 05 20 17. Never have I seen such utter disregard for the handicapped, or such poor customer service. We got there just after opening. The group was my cousin and her husband and myself, wife and daughter. My cousin purchased the tickets some $700 plus worth. First thing my cousin did being from Minnesota was buy a few souvenirs. About an hour in we decided to go to the Haunted Mansion. My cousins husband has major back difficulties, so my cousin had me stay with her husband and she and my wife went to ask how we could make it easier on her husband. They came back to us and my cousin was hot. She stated that the girl at the gate told her that even the crips must wait in the line. We went back to the gate to confront the girl but she was gone. My cousins husband decided to try and tuff out the line. A one point my cousin spotted the employee that was rude to her. The employee saw her coming and removed her name badge. They argued. She exited somewhere into the ride and disappeared. I tried to calm down my cousin, She was HOT!! Finally I thought things were going better. We were in Fantasyland were my cousin decided to get a Coke. She went to the stand where they sell Coke products, She asked if the had Coke Zero, to which the person operating the stand named Anthony said if you want Coke Zero you better find a liquor store. I gave the young man a hard time but my cousin lost it. We went to the front gates where she complained. She then took her passes, souvenirs and anything else she had that was Disney and tossed them in the trash and we left the park after only a couple of hours. We then ended up over at Knott's Berry Farm where we had a great time. A day later I wrote an email to Disneyland describing my displeasure. I received a phone call and an email while I was at work. I called back and spoke to a lady named Susan. From the get go this lady basically accused me of being a liar. She made statements like our cast members would never do that. Oh my they would never say that. Well news flash Susan the little fools did do and say that. My cousins husband can barely walk and he was treated like a sub zero human. They have fools at the concession stands looking only yo get a paycheck. I know what I'm going to do. I will never set foot on a Disney property ever again. We chucked out all their DVD's. My cousin contacted me about the incident, and never wants to hear about it again. To the folks that have read my reviews in the past. I am giving you fair warning. You can this place the Happiest Place on Earth, I call it the most money hungry unethical place I have ever seen. You pay hundreds of dollars to get in only to be treated like dirt. If you want a real good time try Knott's Berry Farm. This is a place I really enjoy and your treated like a human being not a discarded piece of trash. See ya later Disneyland. You can continue your corporate greed at someone else's expense, NOT MINE!!!!!!!!On May 20 and 21 we visited Disneyland and Ca Adventure to celebrate my granddaughters 1st birthday. They drove all the way from AZ for this event. The park reached capacity in May 20 and it was a hot day. We hardly got on any rides since the lines were terrible. We had to leave the park early both days due to heat and excessive wait times in lines. It was miserable. I spent almost $1,500 on this weekend alone for my only grandchild. I was so sad they had to leave back to AZ without enjoying this special day for my granddaughter. She didn't even get a picture with Mickey Mouse. I emailed guest relations a week ago and still have not received a reply.I took my 8 year old niece and 4 year old nephew for the first time to Disneyland and there miserable cuz it was so overcrowded and there was still letting people in we pay over $400 and only stay for two hours since we bought are tickets ahead of time so we couldn't get a refund back would never come back to this place it's change since I come 4 years ago. They should let people know how crowded it would beIt wasn't worth the money over crowded did get to see many characters the ones my kid got to sign her book was at the character breakfast only didn't get on but two rides because of the time waiting 1hour in the half each wait it was not fun at all I wish I never paid my money but the character breakfast was outstanding. So, we were foolish enough to try this park again, I guess we love the punishment. The staff were RUDE when we asked why all the rides were broken and were offered a free fastpass with way outrageous as we were leaving the park. We were to be contacted by management, never were and I believe that is the real issue here, poor management. Walt Disney would be screaming if he found out how the family runs this park today. 80% of the rides were broken and we were told, this doesn't happen often and is not acceptable, but then offer nothing after you have paid 100 dollars per person. Funny thing is in 2014 we were here and all the rides were also broken, I doubt we picked lucked out both times,this is an ongoing problem. Now compare this to Disneyworld in Florida and it's night and day, we were there 3 times now and no issues with rides or other problems. This park needs to get it together and get things operating correctly, it costs too much to be constantly disappointed. As for us this is absolutely the last time, Universal Studios was SO much better and nothing was broken. WAKE UP MANAGEMENT !Got our stroller stolen today by Grizzly river run. Headed over to file a report and then with Anaheim PD next. Disneyland security won't do anything about the situation. If you Need you can file a claim online with Anahein PD alsp there are officers just outside downtown Disney by the Starbucks. Went with entire family for a reunion. Have done this many times in the past and had great experiences. Not so much this trip. What a disappointment. Lines were horrible, starting with 30 minutes to get through security to pick up previously purchased tickets. This took 40 minutes at the window..not kidding, where we were treated like criminals even though we had just dropped a cool $6000  on tickets for the entire extended family. They refused to give us our tickets without us giving them a list of names for each ticket....so they could write our names on them for us, even though when we used them the first time they took our pictures. Took FOREVER! This was a start to a not very happy place. We spent days standing in lines, only to have the rides break down due to  technical difficulties . This became a joke...all week we kept saying anytime something happened, it was 'technical difficulties'...or in the words of my nephew, due to Davy Jones...ie tentacle difficulties. The one day we only managed 2 rides after spending hours standing in lines because the rides kept breaking down  Cars, California Screamin, Grizzly Rapids, etc. Even with fast passes on some rides...would use them and then they refused to give them back when the rides broke down, even though we hadn't ridden yet. And when I questioned the cast member who I had just handed the fast past too, he was extremely rude and condensing. I told him he had ruined the day when he wouldn't give us our fast passes back to use later when the ride opened back up and he told me I was welcome. I have never seen such poor customer service in my dozen trips before. We even got stuck on one ride (monsters inc) that broke down for over 15 minutes. The one night we stayed to watch World of Color? The show stopped after 5 minutes due to technical difficulties. The night we stayed at Disneyland to watch the fireworks? Cancelled due to technical difficulties. Complained and was told it was due to the large crowds at spring break they weren't used to that was making the rides run so much so they kept stopping...Really? Have seen the park way more crowded with less issues. Maybe it is a sign of a poorly managed run down park with rides that haven't been properly maintained. When we did manage to use fast passes, some of the rides still took over 30 minutes to get on..not exactly fast. My brothers left and went to Universal one day with their families and said it was 1000 times better. On top of it, everything is way over priced. $10  for a corn dog and a soda worth at most $3? Not much magic anymore. I just visited Disneyland for 2 days with my 2 kids and it has declined in the past 10 years. Too expensive and too crowded. Disney needs to crowd control and come up with a better plan for fast passes. The restrooms aren't kept clean and it seems like you are getting less for your money. I let my annual pass go because of rising prices and it just isn't worth it to go anymore. Maybe Disney World in Orlando is better but Anaheim is going downhill. It's too bad they are all about profit and not treating the guests who spend hard earned money like they are important. Recently visited Disneyland for 2 days. The crowds were horrific   people everywhere. I used Ridemax and nothing worked   Fastpasses barely helped. At one point the wait time at thePeter Pan ride in Storyland was 100 minutes. Really?! This seems like child abuse   Disney corporation. The crowd size needs to be limited which I know will never happen   corporate greed! This was last trip to Disney for our family so at least 4 less people.I was in one of the marching bands that performed last week during spring break. When we went behind the scenes, the cast members were very rude to us, and to be honest, treated us like garbage. After we had finished our parade, (Which we technically paid disney for us to do in the form of park tickets) we had to walk from behind space mountain to the back of toon town, all while we were burning up in our thick uniforms in the spring heat. Meanwhile, about four empty trams passed by us going the same direction. The only thing we got from being free entertainment for Disney was a super cheap generic Chinese made 3   cinch bag. Keep in mind that we paid Disney to entertain their guests, which they, in return, gave us some cheap disney branded crap and 4 miles of walking in our uniforms.Unfortunately, our very first experience at the park was trying to rent a stroller. Once we stood in line for more than 40 minutes to get in, we were sent back OUT of the park to the rental booth. When we went out our hand was stamped and I was directed to the rental station by the attendant. Once the stroller was rented I returned to the same attendant to reenter the park. She asked if I had a 'card'. I said,  No, you didn't give me one when I was here 10 minutes ago.  She told me I would have to go all the way back through the LONG line to get back into the park!@! I asked how I would know I needed a 'card' when she clearly didn't give me one. She said that she 'didn't remember me' and turned her back on me. I was furious and asked for her supervisor. Another employee nearby   not looking at me said,  go to the other line . And that was that. The day was RIDICULOUS. There were so many people in the park we could not even walk; let alone keep our family together. Rides? HA! We rode 3 all day   arrived at 9am and left at 11pm   and that was WITH Fast Passes and a wheelchair. It was one of the most expensive and HORRIBLE days of our lives. No one had fun. What a farce.To experience any ride   minimum wait time was 1 hour.  Even on the fast pass   it told us to come back 3 7 hours later.     Two hours into trip   we left... never to return.   No wonder parents and kids have meltdowns......We visited Disneyland in Anaheim recently and were very disappointed.It was our first visit. We paid more than 1K for us and 3 kids for park visit for 2 days.Waiting for each attraction is 45 minutes average. We had a baby and were asked to leave the stroller each time at the beginning of the line for attraction. And then I had to carry the baby for 45 minutes in waiting for each attraction. Bizarre and crazy experience. Never again! The attractions themself very childish and the whole experience wasn't worth the money even close. After first day my legs were finished and second day was a complete suffer.Never again we'll go to Disneyland. They even didn't have the option to buy front in line pass like Universal studios have. The Universal studios definitely worth the money.The kids had a great time BUT what they missed was the old days of getting to ride on ALMOST every ride. They must of had the park filled to compacity as it was PACKED. Wall to wall people and very hard to move. We got to ride on a total of 3 rides (with 2 of them Fast Track). How can a family nowadays afford to pay $600 (with gas, food, parking, etc) and go on 3 rides and say it was a successful day? That's $35 a ride. Disneyland has forgotten what it was originally built for   familys to have fun and enjoy the day. What a rip......We visited the Happiest Place on Earth on Match 13 and 14 2017. It is widely known by all including Disney that this week was spring break in Arizona and other states that people flock from to go to DL.Tuesday the 14th was extremely crowded and hot. Guess what only 1 monorail running that day. WHY?My wife's back was really hurting her so she was going to take monorail back to downtown Disney to go to our room at the DL hotel and walk.She waited 1 hour before she was able to take the monorail!!Disney is usually known for having their ducks in a row and all their bases covered.Not this time with only 1 monorail operating at this very very busy time is very poor planning.My first visit experience: This place is super duper crowded and so freaking expensive. I had very high expectations and was very disappointed. We spent 3 days here and every single day was horrible due to how crowded it was. We literally spent like an hour waiting for rides that were each less than 5 minutes long. I cannot understand why the Disney company would allow so many people to enter the park and let it become hell on earth. I cannot believe people put up with such bs from Disney with how pricey those entrance tickets are.I always heard that the park is always clean and bathrooms too. Nope, thats not accurate there was so many people that those bathrooms were pretty filthy.I cannot understand why the food which is of cheap quality would be so expensive. There is not many places where you can sit and rest. Also we tried watching the parade and fireworks but there was nowhere to go and see it. Many people take up all the good viewing spaces for the parade and fireworks a few hours prior to the show. So if you want to see it from a good place make sure you are there at 5pm. On our third and final day we had given up on this family vacation. We left early to our hotel and decided to just rest from all the horrible things that happened at Disney. Never again Disney. First and last time visiting unless they can change and find a solution for the overcrowding issue.Drove from Texas 20 hours in the car with 5 kids to visit what was once one of my favorite places. Arrived at the park to find 3 of the best rides closed with no advance notice. 3 of the rides broke down while we were in line adding a min of 45 minutes to our wait on each ride. Staff is still super friendly but the park is tired and old ..Spent $900 on tickets and it just wasnt worth it.The lines were ridiculous!!! 2 to 2 1 2 hours! We have loved Disneyland. I brought my daughter's for their 16th and 21st birthdays. For the average family it takes hard work to save the money to be able to go to Disneyland and to arrive and there be massive crowds and at least 14 ride closures plus many times having rides temporarily unavailable or go down after we waited in line for over an hour.... disappointing is an understatement. To also find out that there were some deep California resident discounts given that increased the crowds.... greedy! And to have bathrooms dirty and even the rides be untidy. Oh my goodness, and THEN... we ordered the mac n cheese at the Carnation restaurant and the only mac n cheese in the menu was $9, we were charged $20 each!!!! What on earth???This place is much too overcrowded and over priced which took all of the fun out of our visit. First, long lines to get through security. Then long lines to purchase very expensive tickets. Then long lines to use our expensive tickets and enter an overcrowded park. Then long lines for every ride and amusement (many exceeding one hour). Then discovering that my favorite rides we closed. No Pirates of the Caribbean, no Matterhorn, no train, no Tom Sawyer's Island, and no Mark Twain paddle wheeler. Then to have two rides break down after waiting in long lines (Haunted Mansion and Space Mountain.) Then to wait in long lines for overpriced and bland food, and discovering that they had run out of forks and napkins. Then to wait in long lines for a rest room. Then to take a really hard look at many of the worn out buildings, and being turned off by old out of date rides (submarine, Autopia, Small World). Then to find expensive snacks ($4.00 for a chocolate chip cookie? Come on!!!). The Magic is Gone from Disneyland. Walt Disney would be embarrassed and ashamed. It's not the park I knew as a kid in the 60s and 70s. Corporate greed at its very worst. Don't go here. Don't go here. Please do not go here!!!Many years ago I visited this park and had a great time. No major cues, great normal food and a clean park. Today I returned with my wife. What a change. An extremely expensive entrance fee   110 usd per perspn   and for what? The park was overcrowded from 10.30. Long cues to every attraction (more than one hour   EACH place). Fastpass? Well, you could ask for a fastpass and get a ride many hours later. I tried it twice. First time at 11am   fastpass to 2.45 pm!! Next time at 1.50pm (i was not allowed to as for an earlier pass) this time I got a ride at 11.15 pm!!! Felt so sorry for the many kids ...No decent food was obtainable. The few ordinary restaurants were fully booked the whole day. The rest of  restaurants  were serving junkfood. Filth and garbage was found on the streets everywhere. Greed has overtaken this old gem. Apparently the park lets far too many people in to get a great profit. What a pity   and total loss of a lot of money for the visitors. So sad. Walt Disney must be turning in his grave ...Too Crowded, too pricey, and has lost it's charm. Disneyland of the 50's 60's 70's and 80's was a wonderful place to visit. It has lost all charm. If you enjoy standing line line at the DMV you will love this place. Everything has a price tag on it and now all the rides exit to their overpriced gift shops. I'll bet Walt is just rolling over in his grave.went to Disneyland  was a total disappointment  very small compared to Disneyworld in florida  should have went to California adventure Disneyland is for small children  no adult interestsI hate the whole thing, the traffic, the line up for parking, the paying for parking, the line up for the tram to the gate, the line up at the gate, the line up for security, the line up to get in the park, the line up for now, either food or ride? Oh, BTW, you have now spent at least $150, done nothing but line up and lost 2 hours of your dayNot a very well run place, staff rude, due to the amount of people, boycott and go straight to Florida, that's a Disney you dreamed of, and great staff and very helpful,Firstly, to be rejected at your entrance due to an extending go pro stick that I had in my possession was very disappointing!!! We waited in long lines to get bag searched only to be told once we had got to the front that gopro sticks were not allowed!! ABSOLUTELY NO SIGNS TO GIVE PEOPLE ADVANCED NOTICE!!! It does not make for a good day having travelled half way across the world to fulfill a childhood dream.Secondly, your lines are ridiculous!! People pay a good amount of money to come here and are barely able to get on rides due to the lines! Yes you have fast track options, but seriously, the amount of money given for entrance for approximately 6 rides people can get in within a day? Doesn't add up !! You are making money off people's childhood dreams to attend a famous park yet not really giving them an experience that they deserve for the money they pay, there seriously needs to be discussion around the amount of people that should enter on any given day, this would ensure all round fairness.Pretty disappointed in this park and the lack of attention it gives to ensuring guests times here are a pleasurable experience.I have been visiting Disneyland for over 45 years and it has always been a place I have loved to visit. We as a family have visited the park in the last 20 years probably 8 times. We try to go every 2   3 years and it has become a family tradition and something we look forward to. Over time it has become less magical and unfortunately I find myself while we are there questioning what we are doing and whether it is worth it. We just went last week and it might be our last. This was the first time we had gone at Christmas time and we knew that it would be super crowded, but I had no concept of how crowded it would and could be. We always expect crowds and are normally good at managing them and accomplishing what we need to in order to have a good experience. These crowds were unmanageable. We literally couldn't move at times. My favorite area is over by Adventureland and New Orleans Square. There were so many people and the lines for the three major rides over there were so long that they were spilling out into the walkways and made it impossible to move. You literally couldn't walk normally, you just kind of shuffled your feet as you were pressed by bodies and tried to stay with your family. Many times the mass of people would stop and not be able to move and you would have to find another route. We found ourselves going through restaurants and over chairs to get through and heaven forbid if you needed to change directions and part the red sea. Besides the rides my favorite thing about Disneyland is the atmosphere and soaking in all the wonderful details, buildings, decorations, etc. When you are in a sea of people, getting hit in the shins with strollers and getting run over by motorized scooters, the last thing you are enjoying is the atmosphere. There is nowhere to just sit down and take a break, catch your breath and look around. The areas over by New Orleans Square that you can normally sit and enjoy yourself are filled with the overflowing lines of Pirates and The Haunted Mansion. It is exhausting and it gets to the point that all you want to do is leave, but you don't want to because of all the money you spent. You shouldn't feel physically violated after a day at Disneyland. It has lost the charm for me and isn't worth it any more. Obviously it is popular and people want to go there, but there needs to be a limit where it doesn't ruin the experience for the visitors that are there. The rides are cool, but there is a line that you cross when the ride isn't enjoyable any more because of how long you had to wait. The wait time for the Radiator Springs Racers ride was 240 minutes. Yes the ride is cool, but it is 4 minutes long and no ride is worth waiting 4 hours. You could watch 2 movies. I just don't know if it is worth it any more which is sad because I love Disneyland. The return is not worth the cost and hassle. Disney is letting their fans down for the almighty dollar. They need to limit the crowds so that those that are in the park can have an enjoyable time. It gets worse every time I go and it is out of control at this point. It took over an hour each day just to park and get in the park. If we ever go again we will look for a less busy time than Christmas, but from what I read that may not exist. Disney needs to build a new park in Texas or somewhere else or limit their crowds and put their customers' enjoyment first.I'm a Californian and I won't recommend coming to Disneyland to any tourist , save your money since there is a parking fee of 18 US Dlls and also each ticket is 105 US dlls per person . I'm a traveler and I finally decided to come here but you pay a log for only two rides , yes that's ride by the time you go to park your car and the entrance of the theme park you have waisted 2 hrs and 5 lines . This is the most expensive park and I won't recommend , there are other sites in California for your kids to visit . You will spend about 1500 dlls with accommodations and tickets just for only one day . There is Santa Monica and other theme parks with less headaches and more organize in California. Disneyland is just overrated for the kind of money you spend in here . Please keep your money and take your kids to see a Disneyland show instead they would enjoy it more . Before I get into the meat of my review I would like to say that I was raised on Disneyland CA. No place has ever reached my heart the way this magical place has. With much to my despair I'll have to disclose the following. I have been to all the Disney parks around the world except for the ones in China. Disneyland CA although the original, is slipping dramatically in regards to customer service, crowd control, and overall appearance. I believe a lot has to do with the multitude of crowds being packed into a small acreage of land. But my biggest disappointment on my last visit in Nov. 2016 was definitely with the customer service. It could be that Disneyland CA may have limited options available when hiring adequate personnel but it obviously seems that the employees  cast members  are not happy working at what is supposed to be the happiest place on earth. It breaks my heart to say this. I always put Disneyland at the top when it came to the friendliness of it's  cast members . Unfortunately that is not the case anymore. My last visit I found many of the cast members rude, unpleasant, and overall uncaring about delivering the Disney brand. Now with that being said I'll also have to add that a lot of the guests there were not very pleasant either. This sense of entitlement that everyone seemed to have staggered me.The upkeep of the park was below par. Hopefully the new expansion of the Star Wars land will allow more room for the multitude of people who visit. Or it could possibly make matters worse. I'm crossing my fingers that things will turn around for Disneyland CA. NOTE TO GUESTS: Remember when you go to Disneyland you're there to have fun. Not to act like you own the park. It's OK to be a kid again just don't act like a spoiled one. Be courteous to fellow park goers!Visited Disney with 100000 of my friends. Couldn't move, only got to go on a few rides, couldn't see the parade. Even had a restricted view of the fireworks. Would be a great place off peak, but shuffling around the park not being able go move is not that much fun. Especially paying a fortune for it . Although we spend almost 10 hours in the park, we were able to ride only 5 or 6 attractions. We went on a Monday, which should has help with the crowd's. This was my first time to disneyland and my fifth visit to a Walt Disney Property and me and my family had decided not to come back to any of them.Disneyland is great, and I am even willing to pay crazy prices for the experience but over the past couple of years, it has become impossible to find a pleasant day. We visited the first Monday and Tuesday of December this year and it was impossible for our group of 3 to walk together anywhere in the park. Some of the lines aren't too bad even when they are long because they continually move, but just walking from ride to ride is total frustration. Seriously, there must have been 40,000 strollers in the park. Lines at the food carts, lines for the restrooms, crowd control for the stores, it's miserable. It's hard to even see the charm of the park among the masses. I am just happy we were able to enjoy the park back when it was still manageable. I would definitely not recommend this place until your children are at least old enough to remember and appreciate and get the full experience of the park.I have lived on the west coast most of my life. I have had many wonderful times with my family over the years and have had the Annual Pass for several years. On my last visit, my fiance and I decided that we will not be coming back to Disneyland unless they make improvements. With a theme park such as this, it is reasonable to expect that it will be expensive and that there will be lines, but what you don't expect is to be treated disrespectfully by the staff and nearly be trampled to death just walking throughout the park. The staff each year seems to grow exceedingly condescending. Their lack of crowd control and directing creates a very stressful and sometimes dangerous experience for the visitor. If you have little children, hold on to them very closely because they will very likely be knocked over.If the Earth were to ever take an enema, the site would be here at this hideously overpriced, broken down artifact from the 1950s. Disneyland Park is the flagship of old Walt's evil plan to take over the world. And it seems to be working, since Disney, Inc. satellite  parks  have sprung up like poison mushrooms all around the globe, even in Paris. Disneyland shamelessly separates rube families from their hard earned cash with shockingly high admission fees, souvenirs made of crap, and junk food at sky high prices. Several of the aging main attractions were broken down when we visited. The implicit message from the parent corporation running this rank obscenity is that you pay through the nose, then get the hell out as soon as possible to make room for more suckers. You won't find a drinking fountain, a shady spot, or a place to sit down anywhere, so be prepared to get exhausted by being on your feet all day and for your kids to go bonkers overdosing on sugary drinks. You'll lucky indeed to avoid getting your toes flattened by one of the bloated legions of  Handicapped,  morbidly obese scooter riders you'll see everywhere who get to crowd to the front of the endless lines at the few rides that are working. And you won't be able to find a good drink anywhere either. But take solace that you can decompress when you leave what I call my version of hell on Earth with a well earned series of Martinis at Morton's about a mile away.My family and I travelled 16 hours from Australia to enter the magical enchanted world of Disneyland. Well I can tell you the only land we encounted was pram land!! You can't take a selfie stick into the park yet you can take a double decker pram (stroller) that takes up the whole path. They let so many people into the park that you can't tell the lines for the rides from the paths that lead around the theme park. Parades were ok... But destroy half the excitement when they close all the attractions for it. Overall we spent a small fortune to go on only two rides in a whole day. Fast path works, but it can be just as long a line to get to the fast path ticket booth as it is for the ride itself. There are two hundred times as many people in the park as there are seats, so don't expect to sit down to eat your lunch. So disappointed We found some cast members snarky, rude or blatantly uncaring. We encountered swipe issues with our credit card on day two and so spent the trip telling cashiers that it would have to be entered manually as it wasn't swiping. The cast member in pieces of eight gave me a dirty look and asked me why I was bothering to use it. We are from Canada, we have no option to run to the bank and get a new card issued during a 5 day trip, it's just not feasible. Other cast members actually challenged us and said no it wasn't and swiped it about 15 times then tried the plastic bag method. My concern came when the card was actually getting bent as this was unfortunately the only card we had brought with us. The cashier at the pin store called for a manager and they came and tried another pos machine. She swipes it a dozen or more times while telling us that of course it would work. Then loudly announces it was declined. I have a minor heart attack at this as I was monitoring our spending and we were no where near our limit. She swipes it and Murphy's law the damn thing works and goes through. No apologies, just see I told you so (literally). I was honestly unimpressed and at that point was so frustrated that I said forget it I'm done took my bag and said that I was not happy and explain I was supposed to be taking a customer service course with Disney next year but was reconsidering based on in park experiences. She congratulated me at getting a job with Disney. I explain I wasn't working for Disney, I love my job. I was done and the last comment was most likely really rude but at that point I didn't care. Disney needs to spend more money on cit a hug and re educating their service staff or lose their reputationWow i will never be going back and heres why ... 1. This park was a mess with no signage to help you find your way around, or to even get in the park and no one that worked there helped and those who watched us struggle made no attempt to come over to help..2. The park layout was a mess it was every man for him self once you payed for the ticket. when you walked in it was easy to get turned around and with a lack of signs it was easy to walk right by and miss the rides .. 3. The lines for the rides were long and boring .. no entertainment to help the time go by faster.. no fans in the under cover hallways which made it hot and muggy. The employes were pushy and not in character .. 4. Was there for 6 hours and only seen Genie and Alladin and Belle for characters So that was crappy for the kids who were constantly looking for every one to take pictures with them 5. We stopped for lunch and bought 2 salads and 2 bottles of water with a very very small dessert and it costed $50 Every thing cost way to much. Which is an insult after having to spend $100 per person to enter the park and $20 for parking .. 6. After the long boring wait in the line up to go on a ride .. the ride it self left you in shock . For rides built for kids .. the snow white ride started with story of snow white then jumped right in to the nasty queen trying to push here posin apple of you in the dark  scary  like woods and ends with the queen rolling a boulder down a hill at the dwarfes ..... like what the heck where is the happy ending ?? The pirates of the carribion was odd as well with 2 maybe 3 movie show displays And the rest being bunch of pirates pillageing a town shooting up and setting the town on fire there all drunk and it basically ends with tied up women lined up that theyre selling and forcing to become mail order brides ... welp dont know about you but i didnt see THAT movie ...7. The serious lack of bathrooms and bathroom stalls in the bathrooms so once again we were waiting in a line .. Final note ... this wasnt the grand disney land experiance we all long for when we see their addvertising on tv .. not even close .. it was a massive dispointment When we left we had frowns and we werent the only ones about 80% of every one on the train back to parking looked disapointed.We visited Disneyland during the time period that everyone again states that it's the slowest post of the season and the park should be empty. Well apparently 1 persons definition of empty is the opposite of mine. Out of our 5 day trip, only 1 morning for 2 hours wasn't absolutley jam packed solid. What amazes me is the sheer volume of people that openly talk about pulling their kids out of school to go to Disneyland for a day. 3 5 days all of toontown was closed except for Micky and Minnie's house. With 1 3rd of the park already closed to build Star Wars, that's simply unacceptable. On several occasions I witnessed children playing with wheelchairs, yet when they went up to rides and adult would sit in it and act injured, when the ride was over they'd get up and walk normally allowing the kids to play in the chair again until the next ride. Disneyland has a horrible policy on disabled persons. To allow that type of abuse is simply ridiculous.AP days are a joke, we got a bottle of water and a tiny pin and got to stand outside in the 95 degree heat, yippee. Last time they had bags of popcorn and it was inside an air conditioned building.With kids back in school the park didn't open until 10am. seriously, that's way too late to open a park that is supposed to cater to small children.The best pointer I can pass along is that whichever park has magic morning, go to the other park instead. The park with magic morning is already overrun and you'll just be standing in line to stand in line again.I have been to Disneyland many times over the last 20 years so I know how it used to be. It's sad that over those visits, the experience has gotten progressively worse. Way overcrowded and expensive. Quality of food was poor. And what happened to variety? Our last visit to the Orlando park 2 years ago was disappointing and we said we would never visit Disneyland again. But we did only because we travelled half way around the world with friends who had never been before. It was embarrassing that we recommended the visit thinking it would be still be magical for first timers.We visited on a Tuesday, low season as it were. So many rides were broken down or under maintenance. Fantasmic was under maintenance (there was nothing to replace that) and there were no fireworks. Only on weekends, they said. Stood in line for Big Thunder Mountain for almost an hour and that broke down. Got a Fast Pass at 2pm to return to Space Mountain at 8pm only to have that break down as well. All they said was sorry and no idea when it would be fixed. People were angry and yelling at the staff. I felt sorry for them as it's not their fault but they handled the situation badly. Staff were clearly over worked and not happy. Parents were frustrated. Kids were impatient standing in line for hours. Happiest place on Earth? Definitely not. There used to be Disney cast around every corner but on this visit, we saw only Pluto and that was on our way out at 9pm. It wasn't Disneyland. It was a Disney themed park, at best. With lots of Disney merchandise to make up for the missing cast if anyone is interested in parting with a lot of money. This is it. Never again Disneyland.I love amusement parks but hated Disneyland.It looks like the corporate greed at Disney is at its peak. We went during low season in October and it was still crowded and packed with lines averaging between 30 60 minutes per ride.Everything is overly priced, so the overall feeling is not  we want to make your kids happy , but rather  We want your money, and all of it .If you're willing to pay $100 per ticket and wait 45 minutes for a 30 60 second ride, by all means, go ahead   I will never make that mistake again.They are obviously filling the park up to it's legal limit where you feel like you are in a herd so they can maximize their profit.Highlights:  Wait in 15 minutes of traffic to pay for parking.   Pay $18 for parking followed by 15 minutes traffic to enter parking lot.  Walk 10 15 minutes more to the tram that leads to the entrance.  Wait on line for the tram 10 more minutes.  Drive another 5 minutes on a tram to the entrance.   Wait another 5 minutes on line to pass security  After passing security, even with e ticket, wait another 5 10 minutes on line to get into the park.  Once entered, squeeze between the herd of people.  Wait on 40 60 minutes lines during low season.   After leaving the park, spend another 25 30 minutes to get to the car.If Disney were to pay me $100, I would not go there again.If you have small children, you are better off paying $18 and going to Adventure Land, with lines ranging from no wait time at all to about 5 10 minute waits.Imagine months of planning and excitement all because a family of 3 is going to go to the 'magic kingdom'for the first time together.Now imagine the horror of arriving to find a park with near consistent 45 to 90 minute waits!In a nutshell: I had a 4 day park hopper and I STILL have not been on all of the rides at Disneyland and California adventure.I was told by a waiter in a local restaurant that their legal capacity is 80000. The park had to at least be approaching that mark as it was a near un sail able Sea of people. The fast passes were gone by early afternoon and in short a highly anticipated vacation turned into my wife and I just trying to navigate a park that I knew I would never be back to. My son (and all three of us) enjoyed the rides we did get onto, and if you can hit the park at a quieter time I would recommend it.But do your homework   we were there for the first week of October and found out while there that Arizona students have a funky school year and that they were on a 2 week break (I'm from Canada and wouldn't have guessed in a million years that that could be a problem). Also discouraging was that I did ask 3 different staff members at Disneyland and they said that what I was seeing is normal... I hope not, as I honestly wasn't seeing a lot of smiles on people's faces.Conclusion: I loved the rides, but I hate insane crouds. If you go during a busy time you are basically paying $1000 for the 'pleasure' of being in lineups.PSDivide their 80000 people capacity by the number of actual rides.. I doubt the math will look great.I went with my daughter and son, 10 and 14 years. My daughter had n OK time for the 7 8 hours we spent at the park. My son and I thought it was terrible and a huge disappointment. They let so many people in that the lines were 45 100 minutes to all the fun rides. We managed to go on 5 not very funny rides in the six hours within the park. The rest of the time we spent getting back and forth to the parking lot, even though the shuttles ran frequently. We had two meals. No details but we finished them mostly because we were hungry. Positive:We wathed a 15 minutes show that was good fun and I liked the shapes and designs of some of the rides(the monorail and the old futuristic tomorrowland). I think I have never spent 450$ worse and I can't remember last time I wasted a day that thoroughly. Sorry.We went on a weekday, but the crowd was overwhelming! (See crowd behind statue in picture) Crowd control only applied in the afternoon, where they implemented one way traffic control. Selfie stick was not allowed into the park, which is understandable. But there neither lockers outside to store it, nor they let u leave it at the office, which is quite lousy customer service.. :(Rides are generally less impressive than Universal, & as per all theme parks, souvenirs are at exorbitant prices.Not worth the cost of the ticket. You pay full price if you visit the park during the day but have to leave by 6 pm. Then pay another $89 to stay the rest of the evening. Furthermore Disney allows those who purchase the Halloween party tickets to come into the park beginning at 3 pm so the park has 2x the guests during the overlap. The halloween parade at night is quite dark and not nearly as good as the electrical parade. You will wait in long trick or treat lines to get candy that is nothing you couldn't get in a fraction of the time in your neighborhood. This is nothing but a money making scheme by Disney at the expense of its guests. Well this will be our 3 trip to California Disney park and our last , It so not worth the money , to many grown adults with NO CHILDREN wait for kids rides ! Why does grown adults of 30 plus years want to got on the tea cups or dumbo rides ... ? Or worst still que to meet Micky mouse! They make the que lengths even longer, it hard enough keeping toddles in check without having to wait for 40 mins or more for rides and to meet characters . I feel that a lot of the rides are out dated and modernisation of a lot of them is well over due ,Disney is def look old and tired, come on Disney An overhaul is well over due Most disappointed that our two little ones were so badly served at Disneyland. Waiting in line for 45 mins for the Dumbo ride not fun, and over in a flash. Waits for the toilet and to eat in a restuarant added to the woe. By the time we had worked out that fast passes could be issued for some rides, it was too late, they had finished. All in all, bad value for our particular family group. We heard people say it was exceptionally busy yesterday. We had travelled from UK with our grown up children and 2 grandchildren aged 2, and thought we'd treat our family to a magical day. It did not live up to expectations at all.Too many people, Way too expensive, poor service, and no chance of actually seeing all there is to do, Disney should reevaluate their reasons for having these parks, yes it about money, but surely value for money should be looked at there is no way this place is memorable to children as most cannot get near any of the shows as there are just too many people allowed in at any one time, for more read my review on the California section of Disney unless you upgrade to Vip status don't go you are wasting your money and your children will be disappointed.Its not worth to spend hundreds of $$$ and all your energy just to waste most of day in lines waiting for quick rides. Also some ride areas were closed or experiencing technical difficulties while we waited in lines. We had fun time @ disney cruise and disney world but  Disneyland, nightmare come true . Disney should find new ways for better experience to visitors otherwise its way overcrowded.We were sitting near the bridge where you can see the melody of colors far from their arrangements for fastpass (which could be obtained without extra cost). There was one hour left and we were told be a guidw at front gate that you can still see the show but will not be able to see it from closer if we did not get a fastpass. The medlody of colors arrangements crew started telling all the people sitting there to leave...Nightmare at Disneyland we have been asked to leave five rides because they broke down we are standing at the speedway now number five Break down somebody needs to do preventative maintenance we have visited Tokyo Disney and Walt Disney World in Florida it has never happened there for us they keep on saying safety but I think you equipment is old and not taking care of very wellThere is a good reason why the commercials on The Disney Junior Channel show Walt Disney World and not Disneyland.This review is for both the Disneyland Park as well as the Disney California Adventure Park. I couldn't discern one park from the other. We had the same lame overpriced experience in both parks.Some people that are part of the Disney cult (that is the ones wearing the overpriced Mickey Mouse Ears and t shirts) that will probably be appalled by this review. But I can honestly say that I absolutely couldn't wait to leave the park each day (on a 2 day ticket). If I was given free tickets and vacation time to visit the park I wouldn't go back.The best way to describe the park is: 1. start with Disney World 2. shrink it to a fraction of the size 3. add more people and fewer attractions 4. add a fair number of homeless people outide the gate5. charge more for the same quality hotels.It's a great experience if you want to wait an hour and half in the Mickey Mouse house to see Mickey for 1 minute. There was absolutely no indication outside the Mickey Mouse house of how long the wait would be (when there were indications of the length of the queue they were way off). We waited in line about 30 minutes for a 3 minute kiddie train ride. Even the caurosel had a 10 minute wait. There was a 40 minute wait to be seated in overpriced cafe   so my family opted for 2 lemonades, 2 pretzels, and a hotdog for $29.  They do offer the 'Fast Pass' which is a good option for the more popular attractions. Unfortunately, this option is not available for most of the toddler attractions.This was my first (and last) trip to Disneyland. Because I've been to Disney World in Orlando many times the comparisons are inevitable.I'm not a Disney person. I first went to Walt Disney World in Orlando in peak season(as part of a sports team visiting the area) when I was 17 and I didn't understand all the fuss. I preferred Busch Gardens, Six Flags and (what were then) local places like Hershey Park. I'd give the Magic Kindom a B . Epcot was more to my liking   probably a B  and I'd give MGM studios a B. BTW   I had a better experience at Universal Studios versus any of the Disney Parks. Over the years, I've been back to Walt Disney World for conferences and such. I like it but don't love it. However, it's superior to Disneyland.On top of it all, Disneyland is a total rip off. $568 for a 2 day pass for 2 adults and 1 child (and that wasn't a park hopper pass with AAA discount). Once you add the price of the hotel for 3 days (about $900 with tax) the 2 days at Disney costs $1500 (prior to food and transportation). BTW   the Marriott Hotel was actually the best part of the stay.A good family vacation? Standing in line for 30 minutes for a 1.5 3.0 minute ride?Not for us. Yosemite is a good family vacation. Sequoia is a good family vacation. Hawaii is a good family vacation.Sitting in traffic is preferable to Disneyland. In either case, not much is happening most of the day. At least when I'm sitting in traffic I have air conditioning and music.Fortunately, we went to Catalina Island after Disney. We spent much less money. We ate better food. We got to see live wild Bison which is much more exciting than seeing someone dressed up in a mouse costume.Visiting during the summer is not wise. Seriously overcrowded with rude people, and Disney just packs you in. The result is long lines for rides, and if One ride is down (or two of rides as was our case   Indiana jones and the Train  then the lines are even longer. I would visit during the slow periods in the fall, and call ahead to make sure the rides are working.The poor quality of maintenance of the rides leading to high down time and no Disney discount when rides are not working makes me no longer interested in visiting. Thanks,Disney for the memories.Maybe open a new park and place limits on attendance......We spent the summer at both parks but for some reason majority of rides and shows were  being repaired   , cancelled or closed. This was ridiculous. No fireworks .. Running back and forth for no reason . Won't return !!This parc is overpriced and overdate. THE security is overreacting when you have a monocles. You have to bring iT back when you take it with you. Cost you one hour by tram.  105 dollars P P P d for one parc is to muchDisney attractions nowadays can only be loved by the innocent, the oblivious, or the numbed. While Disneyland is always physically very clean, and the high prices thankfully keep most of the riff raff out, I cannot visit the park without remembering all that Disney does    as a company    to attack the innocence of children and the unity of the family through its programming, its movies, and its social and political agenda. Disney employs thousands in my beloved Orange County    but being a lynchpin of local economies doesn't and cannot excuse their behavior as a company. If anything, their status and importance calls them to something far greater. Social duty. Social responsibility. As far as I'm concerned, Disney uses its power for many disastrous causes. I cannot    in conscience    support their activities, and cannot close my eyes to the spectacle of their television shows, their animated features, and their commercialization of everything they touch to the great detriment of art and creativity. Quod scripsi scripsi. So what can I say about the magical place on earth....terrible,for the money spent on getting in you would think that things would of gone smoothly, when coming to the park it wasn't to bad, but finding half the rides being closed because they were having problems and the staff being rudeThe entire place is just a shopping area with hardly any rides and with the money you spend to come in I do think that it's a waste of money. When it came to the night parade the staff were very rude and would snap at you if you stood in the wrong step and would shout if you tried to stand anywhere, josh who was outside the penny arcade area really made my time at the park a bad one and i would return again, when trying to enter one of the shops a staff member shouted and said I couldn't enter. The fireworks display was cancelled and a poor light show was given that lasted 2 minutes.I've found that this is not the happiest place on earth more like the dullest and rudest place on earth that just wants your money we spent an entire day at the park waiting for the fireworks scheduled for 9:30, at 9:25 we were told that the firework show might be cancelled. What a shame, we waited all day, only to be disappointed. Take plenty of $$$$ if you have to feed your family, a slice of cardboard pizza cost you $8.00. Next time we will spent our vacation at knott's berry farm, much better deal.Hot. Little shade. Huge queues for everything and very expensive. A people factory of biblical proportions for misery and wages removal. Go to the beach instead. Go to a museum and see something real and don't subject your mind and be body to this torturous day. My card was compromised and large fraudulent charges were racked up right after paying for our Disney trip. (only charge I used it for). Disney and or Costco Travel won't do anything to make it right.Disneyland Park have sectioned off viewing areas for the privileged. These sections are not open up to guests even if they are not filled. Way to make your guests feel welcome Mickey.In addition to selfie sticks, many things are banned. You are forced to take it back to your car or donate it to goodwill. If you have a kid who wants to have fun with a non Disney approved bubble blower, security may screams at your kid and force you to throw the toy away or take it to your car. It is very sad to see. The little boy did not understand why he was screamed at.Follow all rules and be prepared to wait and wait and wait for your happiness and hold on to your hunger, you poor, unfortunate souls. No all day dinning for you. ;)I did a lot of research to carefully select a specific set of dates that were identified as the slowest part of the season. The park was once again packed in like sardines, even 1 minute after the park literally opened, some rides had 60  minute wait times as the magic morning people were already waiting in lines. Ridiculous, don't waste your time.If you are going to go to Disneyland, wait until you are in your 60s (by this age, you have learned that patience is a virtue). Or, rent out the entire park to yourself. Anyway, let's start at the beginning, we walk up to a lady behind a bullet proof window with a hole shaped like Mickey mouses head. We tell her that my son is turning 3 today so she tells us we have to pay full price for him. I tried to be nice and even funny but no dice. This woman has worked here since the day Disney opened, and she likely gave birth to Walt Disney himself. She's seen it all and she doesn't care. So I bought 3 tickets, went to a different counter changed my story and got my son in for free. I had warned my kids of the lineups and I made sure I took snacks and water and anything that I could possibly hold on my back. I downloaded the app to tell me wait times attractions etc. It didn't help. We went on about 4 rides and waited in line to meet Mickey, rapunzel and goofy, and then we stopped for lunch. At that point my six year old made an executive decision to go back to the hotel and play in the pool. So we cut our losses and left. Later that night we went back but still, it wasn't for us. We are personally  homebodies  so if you are like us, and don't want to hang out with 600,000 people I'd say skip Disneyland, go to the Disney STORE and call it a day.I have been to Disneyland, about 7 times. I am 35 years old. I recently took my kids in 2014, and had not been in 20 years. The prices per ticket is absolutely outrageous! The adults cost just as much as the kids! They don't realize that us adults will not be riding all of the rides? Without us adults, there is no kids at Disneyland. We along with our kids should be half the price of what they charge. Tickets should be below $50. They make so much money every day, and they feel the need to charge $100  a ticket? What planet are they on? We went in April during school, during the week, and it was still crazy busy! I can't imagine a weekend, or summer, or a major holiday. They say they raise prices to keep people from coming? Really, well it isn't working. They need to limit the capacity by the thousands!! So people can enjoy themselves, not stand in lines for HOURS! We were there 10  hours, and found ourselves chasing the clock. It will never change, it will get worse by the day, and has been bad for decades. The sad thing is, its become about the money, not about the kids, or the park. What would Walt Disney say? I wish more people didn't go, but if you want to, you will spend a fortune. The other thing is, the majority of us are traveling from afar, and spend a fortune just to get there, but local residents get discount? Really? You know, so anyway, yes fun place, but too many people. Universal was just as busy, but at least a little cheaper.We have been you DisneyWorld over ten times. However this was our first trip to Disneyland and we absolutely loved it. Our kids had so much fun and enjoyed every second. The lines weren't too bad and the weather was great. The park was clean...MoreTerribly overrated, over crowded, 120 min wait for crappy rides, herded like cattle, expensive for what you get, horrible food and a complete waste of a day.   Heaven forbid some major incident would occurred in the park, people would be trampled.  This is almost as...MoreI went to disneyland in Paris 5 years ago. That was the funniest day ever in my life. One week ago, I recommended my friends to drive to California to go to Disneyland. We drove more than 1,100 miles to reach to California disneyland in Anaheim, 50 minutes south of LA . It was nothing like my experience in Paris. In a very ridiculous way they make money out of people. They divided fun rides into different parks to make people pay for more than one ticket. The ticket for the one park is $105 for one day and the interesting part is that you can not even enjoy the limited rides because they sell thousands of thickets which is hundred times more than their capacity. People are all going around in the park instead of having fun. You have to wait approximately 2 hours for each ride on a week day. I can not imagine how it would be on weekends or holidays. Personnel and selling people are grumpy and obviously are not willing to answer people questions. I have no idea how is the disneyword in Orlando but for sure disneyland in california does not worth to try. It's not OK that they makes crazy lines of people who are suffering from pain in their legs because of too much standing in the lines to get a 3 minutes ride! Even it's not that much hard to fix the situation, at least they could sell thickets according to their capacity or they could put something that people can sit on when they have to wait hours in the lines. I understand families go there because they want their kids happy, but I really think it's the time to boycott California disneyland until they make some improvements in their services. Last year, I went to universal studio in LA, totally worth it, definitely better way to have fun. Hope it helps.We are Disney fanatics. We have been going since disneyworld opened. That's the problem. Year after year it gets more and more crowded. Disneyland needs to find a better solution to entering the park magic bands? They need to limit the people we literally only rode a couple a rides a day need better fast pass system like Disney world. Our young grandkids could not stand in 50 60 minute lines. I love Disney I love Mickey but please do something to make this better we could not move with our stroller I've always loved Disneyland, having visited the California park twice as a child and the Orlando resort twice in the last 4 years, on a recent trip to LA I thought I would re visit the original Disney. Big mistake and an even bigger waste of money.Once through the gates it becomes very difficult to negotiate your way around the park as you are met by a sea of people, push chairs and scooters. Queuing times for all rides were in excess of an hr and this was mid week out of peak season. After 7 hrs in the park we only managed to get on 4 rides which was quite annoying given that we'd paid $135 for a ticket.When the parade began things got worse as a melee of people gathered to watch it and a stampede began during which I witnessed people and bollards being knocked over several times. There was little crowd control and it was quite apparent that too many people were in the park.If you want the Disney experience visit Orlando. Disney California is a waste of time and money, greed has removed all enjoyment. You will queue excessively for rides, queue for ice cream and even queue for the toilet. Not a pleasant way to spend the day.The title says it all. Hard to experience the disney magic when your getting trampled by crowds and have to constantly watch for strollers   or get run over! sad to see management destroy something that once was great.Everything was broken down or closed. What rides were open we had to wait 45 min or more in line for rides that are a minute or 2 minutes long if we were lucky. Peter Pan ride is what we really wanted to ride because it's new and on my map it showed the ride to be open until park closing time. (10pm) we went at 8:45 and they were already shutting it down. We paid a LOT of money just to fight crowds and to find out nothing worked or was closed. You could not pay me to go back.Bad. We went during the week and encountered a sea of strollers and Walmart scooters everywhere. Long queues, fast passes are nonsensical and give no advantage as he estimated times are very inaccurate. You're better off waiting.Staff are very un enthused  overall had a very poor experience. Couldn't get a glimpse of the night show as people   surprise, surprise   sit on the roads to secure the best spots 3 hours before (!!!) the show, as the Disney staff starts roping off sections, which ruins everything. Can't stand and look as the staff rudely ushers you around. What the hell? Double thumbs down.I recommend to go to Disney world Paris, where you actually get to enjoy your visit. We were expecting a once in a life time magical trip. We were treated like criminals at the entrance. Strip searched and passing through body scanners. Security confiscated a selfie stick of ours and when we later went to retrieve it, it was not there. Hyperspace mountain had an expected wait time of 25 minutes. After 4 hours of queueing we finally made it onto the ride. Staff member Larry who was our guide on the River boat cruise was very rude and insulting. Several of the main attractions were closed due to being faulty. Not at all what I expected for a $95 ticket fee per person! its nice to the locals but not for turistswaste of time go to other parks, its expensive with no reasonHave been to Disneyland before, as my wife is a California native. We have also been to many other theme parks all over the country as well. Now, when one goes to a theme park, crowds and long lines, as well as high prices for souvenirs, food, parking, and entrance into the park are to be expected. However, it was so crowded yesterday, you couldn't tell where the lines for the rides were, and walking was nearly impossible! In fact, we relished waiting in long lines, because it gave relief from the pushing, shoving, and getting the backs of your ankles run over by strollers! In eight hours, we were able to get on two rides. The part that will keep us from ever going back, though, was at the end of the day. We had a train to catch, and needed to exit the park to catch a shuttle to the train station at 2130 hours. We left the souvenir shop closest to the gate, no more than 75 yards, at 2100 hours.....it took us OVER ONE HOUR to get out of the gate. There was zero crowd control, and literally no way to move. Had there been a fire or some other emergency, there would have been casualties. BTW: we missed our shuttle.Does Disney not keep track of how many people are in the park? Can they not see the streets are so crowded you cannot move? I would advise folks to avoid this place, or be ready to shuffle, jostle, push, shove, be run over, stepped on, walked on, stepped on, and hoping the lines for the rides are long just so you can get a respite from the crowded streets!There were literally children crying and saying they wanted to go home. I guess it's no longer the happiest place on earth....They've made it really cheap for the locals. If you're planning on coming from out of state think twice. It's really overcrowded as your paying way more than the locals to stand in line for a limited number of rides since so many are out of service.My aunt and I met my sister at the grand hotel. We had 4 hours of free parking IF we ate at one of two restaurants. We went to the lounge were we drank and ate and visited for 6 hours. Our bill was $ 314.00. Our parking was $70. No free parking if you don't go where they want you to go or stay longer. Ridiculous.After saving and spending a lot of money and over 13 hours of flying to get to Disneyland from Australia I had two very excited boys who couldn't wait to explore Disneyland.How very disappointed they were. The crowds were so massive that you couldn't move around the park easily, all the rides had waits of over 1 hour (some even had 2 3 hour waits)Was extremely disappointing and we will never visit again now, nor recommend it to others.We have been t Disney many times and are firm fans, this was our first family visit to Disneyland California. We stayed in Paradise pier a disney hotel wish was average and very expensive, but hey we thought we would be on site close to the parks and have the privileged magic hour in the morning. Unfortunately as we only wanted a two day pass we were not eligible for the magic hour! We arrived early to take the monorail to the gate, but hey it wasn't working that day, or the next day, so we walked, no problem except it was quite a long way from paradise pier to the gates twice a day (we opted for a midday break back at the hotel pool) with two you children (aged 6 and 8) I was wearing a pedometer we walked over 10 miles both days in the parks!But never mind we don't mind a walk, we did mind the amount of rides that were not working though, the park was busy the lines were long, we arrived at The starters ride, but it was temporarily out of action, we went over to Buzz, the kids loved it, but the queue was long for early am, we then went to book the Jedi experience, but it was full, (10am) so we headed for atop, but it was closed for refurbishment as was the steam boat, and another part of the park, but it was also closed. We headed back and opted for the less popular younger rides, we got to the front of Roger Rabbit after 30 mins, but it got closed temporarily due to a problem, so we went through to a small world but the wait was over an hour, so onto the carousel, but it got closed as we joined the queue, across the way we joined the queue to something else, but this got closed too! by this point the kids were getting upset we had been in the park over two hours and been on one ride.It was a hot day so we said never mind lets have an ice cream, we ordered four but Enrique must have miss heard me and gave us three, one which we did not want, I apologised an asked for it to be changed and another added, and for the first time in all my experience of Disney an employee was rude to me, criticising me for changing my order, which I had not done. By this point I had had enough! We got the kids ice creams and walk them back up main street, to guest services, I was going to complain, (it takes a lot for me to get to this point) Once again we had to join a queue, even to complain!! After a few moments we spoke to a pleasant member of staff, she said we could have a refund or a few fast passes, we had travelled all the way from the UK, having booked our trip 6 months earlier, we did not know that so many things would be closed for refurb at the time, but even allowing for this we did not expect to line up so many time to then be told the ride was temporarily suspended. We went back to the hotel had a swim and some food and returned later on, to try again, but by this point the queues were still long and other things had closed, albeit temporarily, this time it was the haunted house, the queue to see mickey and minnie were still 60 minutes, and even with the fast passes we were all quickly loosing the will to continue. We returned to the hotel tired and fed up. A very sad day day, as the Magic had gone! An expensive dissapointing and miserable day.Disneyland and Park are still living in the 1980s  pre internet, pre overall technology when it comes to their offerings of rides that have been there since I was a kid, however. The tickets prices have been on a VERY STEEP RISE. The value is just not there, especially when you find the management doesn't care about the LONG LINES and the countless hours people wasted for a 90 sec. to 5 minutes rides. Theme parks in Dubai and other countries are light years ahead in terms of innovations and technology usage. Disneyland is a legacy, and it's milking that legacy to the last drop. Fantasmic show is the same since the early 1990s! Soaring over CA is the same too. How hard is it to update the two shows and offer different versions? I had to go for some family reasons, but if it wasn't for that, I DEFINATELY won't go.Quite frankly it's hard to say it's the happiest place on earth when the average wait time for a 60 second ride is 45 minutes. And we didn't even try to go on rides that were popular, those wait times were rediculous. One of the very few positives about Disneyland are the characters and getting pictures with your child with those characters. Each day there are times and locations of where those pictures can be obtained. However, the character are rarely there and they are never there at the times that they say they will be. If you see a character and want a picture, sprint to try and get in line. Odds are that if you see the character when they first come out, you will get a picture. If however, you see the character already in he process of taking pictures, the line has already been cut off and you won't get a picture. Simply put, the character pictures are a huge part of the appeal for my son, he loves the Disney characters, but we can't get him a picture because of the reasons listed above. There are too few characters on a whole and their limited availability makes the issue much worse. I do understand the issue of someone having to dress up in a costume and that it's not pleasant, I support them not being in those costumes for extended periods of time. I'm just saying, get some more people to play those roles so that people can actually get pictures with them.Disneyland park is severely outdated and has ridiculous wait times. California adventure is more wide open but is limited in their offerings to young children. For a 2 1 2 year old, you can do the whole park in less than 2 hours, there just isn't a lot available to them. My son loved the Disney Jr. Show, I highly recommend it for parents of children that like doc mcstuffins, Sofia the first and the Mickie mouse club house shows. Put simply, the is insufficient value at these parks to warrant the enormous expense that people are asked to pay. I would not recommend anyone go to either severely overcrowded park.It cost us nearly $500 NZ to go to Disneyland for one day. The park was insanely crowded. We managed three rides, as the queues were hours longs. Aside from the rides, the rest of the park is over priced souvenirs and food. Totally not worth $500 or wasting a day on. Several 'attractions' were closed, but you were allowed to walk on them   seriously what is the point of walking on a stationary riverboat or steam train.I normally go every year! No more! This place is terrible. Lines, crowds, ticket prices...   we have a lot of good memories, this last trip  was ridiculous.   Ski trips will replace Disneyland! They can keep it.. to bad it went so downhill...Used to have passes for Disneyland and as the cost went up so did the frustration with the crowds and lack of service from the park.  We'll be sitting this one out for awhile.This place is a rip off ... Overcrowded and does not reflect Walt Disney vision ... Most of the staff are so inconsistent with info it's deplorable ... Will we return ? NEVERWe have been traveling to Disneyland every couple of years or so for a while, not to mention the times we went as kids, and we've noticed the  cast members  growing evermore disgruntled. The last three times we've been there, we've dealt with rude staff and unhelpful customer service reps. We're done with DL for the moment. I can't say we'll never go back, but we won't until some retraining happens.Star Wars Land Construction will forever change Walt Disney's original vision for The Rivers of America and Frontierland. The Disneyland Railroad, The Mark Twain, Pirates Lair at Tom Sawyer's Island, Fantasmic! And other attractions are closed until at least April 2017. 1 3 of The Rivers of America will be removed to make room for  Star Wars Land  Breakfast is permanently discontinued at The River Belle Terrace. The least expensive lunch item at The Blue Bayou is The Monte Cristo Sandwich for $27, Expect high prices and overcrowding indefinitely.Way too much money for what you get, long lines, fast passes that are for the elite only and the normal people who pay 150.00 a day for a park hopper are call standby riders. Way too many people in the park, seems the happiest place on earth ISN'T.disney does not limit sales so they pack the park full daily and then you have to compete with thousands of people in line for each attraction...in between you are treated rudely and hollered at by crowd control as they herd you every which way because of the parades that are never ending and that if you don't get a seat several hours ahead of time you don't see, the herding continues for fantasmic, and again for the fireworks where you are placed in roped off pens as crowded as a tokyo subway car ..if you deviate the crowd control people are downright nasty...none of this occurs at disneyworld in florida... this place has made a quick trip downghill...amazing what corporate greed can do to a good timeWe went the 1st week of February when it was supposed to be quiet and then Disney announced  annual passholders  month. It was the busiest I've ever seen and we've been going for years. Parents are so rude, learn how to get into a line instead of pushing you, your husband and your double stroller through in front of everyone else for the security check line. I think everyone would benefit if they would walk on the correct side of the path. So many people walking at you and they act like you're in the way. Cast members are grumpy. None of them were smiling. Sat on a water bottle on Haunted Mansion, handed it to the cast member and she says  oh, thanks, I've always wanted one of these  not sure why they've given up cleaning rides. Not sure if or when we'll go back, prices are so high even though so many things were shut.I grew up visiting Disneyland in the 80's, once per year, every summer age 4 12. It was magical. You never knew what character you might happen upon! I remember using ticket coupons and then it was open admission. The best chance of catching all the rides was to wait for the electric light parade at night and ride the rides during the parade. I tried to hold onto this with my family this time around but ultimately what we will remember of our visit is the LINES and the CROWDS. Show up an hour before the gate opens? You have a line a 1 4 mile long. They let you through the bag check only to put you in line to get you into the park and then wait in line again. It's a gigantic crowd control experience. They let SO many people into the park   I've heard upwards of 80,000 people per day? It feels like it... lines for everything. Dole whip? Line... Ice cream? Line. Princess or character? Line. Bathroom break? Line. Fast pass... just keeps you running around the park thinking you are entertained. You might be lucky to ride 5 8 rides per day. Break that into hours spent in the park. 12 hours they are open on a weekday, you will ride a ride for 35 40 minutes total out of 12 hours. I love Disneyland of the past. I don't think I'll go back, ever. It's too commercial. It's far too crowded. It's a very expensive trip. I can only hope my kids still believe in the magic but for me... I'm sorry, the magic is gone. If you do go.. rent a stroller for kids under 6. Bring your own water snacks. Plan dinner and don't miss the best hours of rides between 5 9. Go back to the hotel and swim and rest during the heat of the day.Someday Disneyland will have to admit it can't squeeze that many people into one place. I wish they had an app that told you how full they were so you don't attempt to take little kids in the heat on a super busy day. It's miserable. Magic Mornings are a joke. Disneyland does not open all security checks so lines back up. They cannot move the people in the entrance gates quickly. Long waits to enter sets a bad tone for the day in  February, which has fewer visitors than other months.The happiest place on earth, has cast members yelling at a 2 year old pulling on the rope that he is holding to end the line to visit Buzz. What does one expect from a two year old who is waiting in yet another line.A very nasty cast member in city hall refused to discussed disability access when asked questions based on written material that disney publishes on their website.So much for the happiest place on earth.We purchased a 1 day park hopper pass at $155.00 EACH. We entered Disney park and waited in line for our first ride for 40 min only to have the ride break down. Then to space mountain, the sign said 50 minute wait time. We waited 55 minutes to only find out we are only halfway to entering the ride building. We waited almost 2 hours for that one ride. A few rides were closed and for what they charge to get in the place I can't understand why they can't fix these rides. Off to California park, not as crowded as disney that was a plus but wait time were just as long.The cost of the park is not online with the experience you will have. A family of 4 will have spent a thousand dollars consevitivly and only get on a few rides and probably not the ones they want.Steer clear of the new year time period as we had four days of not being able to access rides and fireworks cancelled with no notification. In queues many times for over an hour to have the ride break down and having to start again. Too many people with rides not always functioning. Was a major disappointment.Visited this place with little children.  Very disappointing that most of the rides and attractions were blocked or closed for renovation.  I was not told that when i booked the tickets online.After traveling to many different places in America recently we decided to visit Disneyland and California Park at the end of our trip before returning to Australia. We were very disappointed when we arrived with prepaid tickets to find out that between the two parks there were 12 major rides closed. I cannot understand how they can charge the same price and close so many attractions?We complained but very little understanding or compassion was shown. I will certainly be advising anyone who is planning to visit to phone before buying tickets to find out which rides are not operating.We are a family of 4 ( 10 yr old boy & 13 yr old boy). We visit theme parks all over & whenever we can. I read reviews prior to our California vacation & all I want to know is who are these people giving this place great reviews! Our family all agreed after a very long terrible experience at Disneyland that this is one of the poorest theme parks we have even attend. Don't waste your time and money here and here are a few reasons why.1. Get their early and you will still park up high and even further away,,, which makes no sense. 2. Crowds were terrible! Don't believe the Crowd tracker sites!! Doesn't help most half the kiddie rides were closed,,, and yes Disneyland has only Kiddie rides. Not even some good ones for the big kids to enjoy like at Disney World. 3. Oh and again more than half the rides were closed and not worth the $$$$$. The only reason we were there so long was because of the lines. 4. None of the rides were as good or better than any other theme park we have been too. Our kids had more fun at Santa Monica Pier where they sale all ride bracelets for $30.00. 5. Safety violations everywhere and won't even go into that.6. Did not see one character in real life all day!!7. the employee did not exhibit the Happy work attitude you would expect. 8. Food was okay & that is where they make a lot of money.9. Got herded around like cattle because they were making a movie so we the paying customers weren't important enough to care about at that point. We were herded out like cattle though a 20 ft area, major fire hazard. 10. since so many rides were shut down they gave a fireworks show (which they should not matter what) 11. Star wars hyperspace (old Space mountain) was disappointing. 12. The park was lacking in beautiful landscaping that other parks have. The only great thing here was the dang Ice Cream which was a pain to get too because it was blocked off for taping. I could go on and on but I think that is enough.We left this place so stressed, ripped off and frustrated that after this experience my kids were given the choice to come back the next day to visit adventure land.... none of us wanted to go back to this park or any Disney park. We went to Santa Monica Pier which was awesome !! The only thing MAGIC here are the good reviews, probably by people that don't visit many parks through out US and want to believe there is still magic at Disney. Wish we had known the negatives prior to spending money & time at this place!I grew up going to Disneyland, but things have changed so much. The CROWDS, the lines, the prices are horrific. Now there are over 15 rides closed between Disneyland and California Adventure for  refurbishment  and the STar Wars addition. If they lowered the prices, I would respect them, but no, Disney raised the prices. This is such an abuse of the families who save all year to take their kids to Disney and then find out it's too crowded or many of the main rides are closed. Use your money to travel somewhere else.Been coming here since 1955. Worked here for WED in the late sixties. Doubt that I will ever return of my own choice. (Only if a Grandchild twists my arm). No longer a  Park Feel . Just business everywhere.Over crowded, nothing magical, worst way to experience Disney in my opinion! Everywhere you could see was just a sea of people. 1 2,5 hrs wait time per ride and the ride only lasts for 5 minutes max (that's really not worth the wait, guys). Entrance fee is super expensive ($95) if you could only go to 4 attractions in a day. I've seen families and kids exhausted and not enjoying the park because of the crowds. Disney has to limit the number of visitors per day if they want the customers to enjoy the Disney experience, but NO! They only care about the money going in. Food is very expensive and of inferior quality. I'm not blaming Disney for monopolizing the food inside the park, but come on guys, the food could have been much much better. The park itself is actually beautiful and well made, but the way it managed the experience of the customers was just way beyond horrible. We have vowed to never come back to Disneyland ever again.We visited Disneyland two days after Christmas and it was the worst time we have ever had. It began with the traffic around and in the park. It was horrible. We expected huge crowds but when you can't even walk around the park because they have the lines for the attractions winding everywhere and even worse pushing a wheel chair (which there was no room to do)   it was not a magical day. Then at the end of the day we tried to catch our ride to the hotel and it turned into a free for all. There was no organization and when the bus pulled, everyone rushed for it pushing senior citizens aside. The next day we went to Downtown Disney and they wanted to charge us if we stayed more then two hours   what!   we have never experienced that in Orlando. Our whole group of five agreed that this trip made us realize that we never want to come back here. We will stick with Disneyworld where even on holidays we never had such a horrible experience. We even overheard cast members discussing how certain cast members should have never been cast as characters in the park because they were terrible at it.Got my tickets ahead of time.I trying asking for refund because I was unable to make to work. I called and Email Disney way before my tickets expired but refused to refund me.Just beware of No Refund Policy when booking onlineWe were subjected to the worst food service on the planet.Everything we ordered was cold and overpriced and the portions were skimpy!Cold French fries are the norm, as well as cold soup. When you have a captured audience they will maximize the profits and nobody can complain.Don't get me wrong, the entertainment is amazing and nobody can do it better,but after a hard day of waiting in line and fighting the crowds, one wants to reward themselves with a nice hot meal.Disney security was really good! Felt like they are on HIGH Terror alert!! Very long lines for security bag check. Long slow lines to enter the park. Once in it became obvious that the park is extremely over crowded! We are packed in like sardines in a can!!! Shoulder to shoulder it's extremely unnerving! People are pissed off and concerned about what will happen should an emergency happen! Fast passes for all rides are completely sold OUT by 10am so zero chance the kids can ride any of the rides we came here for so we're leaving. No longer a fun trip for us!Headed back to hotel and home in the morning.Where to begin? Bathrooms were filthy, park was overcrowded (Disney should have closed it at some point for security reasons, but did not), food was over priced and mediocre at best. Wait times, even with fast pass, were 6 hours or more. This experience was not magical, it was just an overpriced tourist trap!Disneyland used to be the most magical place on Earth. Not any more. A message to Disney management  too many people are in the park at one time. What a horrible waste of time for our family of four holiday from Texas. We waited in long lines to get bags checked to get in, couldn't walk anywhere without massive crowds tripping on each other, you can't stand to see parades there is no room for people to even stand to see the parades, we got on only one big ride with fast pass because the time limits (oh you have to wait in lines to get fast pass).I grew up loving Disneyland and now my two teenagers have no idea how great Disneyland really used to be, they begged me to go back to the hotel just hours after arriving. I wished we would have turned around at 9:00 am but we already spent hundreds of dollars on train tickets to get there.Please stop letting in so many people bring back the old Disneyland where a family could have the happiest day together (charge me double the price if you have to). My kids were miserable and have no desire to ever come back to Disneyland. So sad for this So Cal mom. Not a happy way to spend Christmas 2015.We've been here many times and were on their cruise and Disney World in Orlando. It was my daughter's birthday, so I decided to treat her to Disneyland as she has wished. I didn't mind the extra wait at the front gate to be searched and to go through the metal detector. After all, we are living in different times. But I knew it was a bad sign when after waiting 60 minutes in line for Hyper Space Mountain, we were told that the ride has broken down. By that time, even the Fast Pass has run out. They simply let way too many people into the park. It was so crowded that we kept bumping into people and being run over by strollers and scooters everywhere we went. The lines for all the rides were 60 minutes long in average, and the more popular ones were 90 to 120 minutes long. To sum it up, we were only able to get on 4 rides the whole day. For $99 per person, that was ridiculous! I don't think it was what Walt Disney had envisioned when he opened the park. People were being herded like cattle throughout the day whenever there was a parade. Then it began to rain, we were soaked and sought shelter under the awnings at the Main Street to dry up a little. But the  cast members  kept yelling at us and the others to keep moving. I tried to explain to them that the children were wet and we would like to stay out of the rain for a little while. The cast members were unsympathetic and insisted that we move. I asked for a supervisor and they threatened us with security. So we left the park. To make matters worse, there were lines waiting for the tram to take us back to the parking structure. We waited for at least 30 minutes and had to sit in seats that were filled with puddles of water. I thought the hospitality at anything Disney was first class. They even host classes for corporations to teach them about customer service. But I feel that they had become too greedy and let too many people into the park. They didn't know how to maintain the level of customer service they are renowned for when the weather changed. It was definitely not the happiest place on earth for me, my daughter and her best friend. For the amount of money we spent, we could have gotten better entertainment and treatment elsewhere. I'm afraid that I will join the many Angelenos and OC residents that I know not to ever set foot on Disneyland again. Leave this place to visitors from foreign countries and out of towers, as they don't know better. Disney have lost another local customer.During our trip (on a Tuesday in early Dec when it is reportedly slower) to the park, we were shocked at just how packed it was. It was so busy we barely got to do anything in terms of major attractions. 1.5 hour wait times for most of the big rides. Dining venues packed with lines out the door for places like Starbucks in the park. I mean.. really? We were so irritated that we wrote a letter to corporate advising them that if they don't do something to address their  southern California season pass holder  issue, we are never returning. This park is so crowded with locals that out of towners who only get a chance to go once in a blue moon (since its so EXPENSIVE) get shafted. Shame on you Disneyland! It is no longer the happiest place on earth in my opinion because they allow way too many people in on any given day. Don't expect to get on many rides! For the price we pay to get into park it's ridiculous how many people they allow to cram into the park, how much a single souvenir costs and the prices they charges for their yukki food! It's amazing how many people have to pretend to be happy In The Happiest Place On Earth when being run down by strollers and breaking the bank just to treat the family on what may possibly be some people's once in a lifetime trip. Expect to be in a rush, wait in lines hours long and spend a minimum of $25 on a souvenir I bought tickets for a friend and I couldn't wait but I have never been so disappointed. We picked a week day to avoid kids holidays. We hired a car and set off early. The drive is a good bit out of LA. We arrived at a badly organised ramp into an underground car park and didn't move for 50 mins. It took us almost 2 hours to park. The shuttle to the park took 40 mins to arrive. Thinking that once we were in it would get better boy were we wrong. Starbucks queue was 40 mins to get a coffee I waited 1 hour to get on a slow mountain ride we tried to get fast passes for some of the bigger rides but the time was 4 hours away. I watched kids stand in line for 90 mins and they were crying in the line. We tried walking around the park just to experience it but the crowds were so big that we couldn't see anything. Badly organised kids visibly upset queues way too long. Save your money take a picture or pay for exclusive access. This ruined the magic of Disney for me Disney LA is no comparison to Disney World Florida. LA is small, over crowded and 3 major now working on same day. No evening Disney parade either. This was our 1st visit to Disney Land LA and our last. It did not have the Disney magical feel of Florida, and was so crowded that it was uncomfortable. We paid for a one pass to both Disney parks which are next door to each other. The queues to get in were ridiculous and the rides were so disappointing. We ended up leaving the park after 2 rides and going back to The Disney hotel and laid by the pool. We returned for the water light display in the evening. Again we were all jammed In like sardines, and could hardly see a thing. Sorry Disney you really haven't come up to scratch this time. If I return in the future it will be to Florida. Went to Disneyland this morning as I was suppose to be part of the Veterans Day Salute Program . It turn s out ( with no notice to the public , all entrance  FREE  on Birthdays &  FREE  Entrance to Veterans and active duty has been cancelled from here on in and prices are going to double on January 1st . I have raved about Disneyland here forever as the most magical; place on earth , but now they will never get my money again. I am a retired and 100 % service connected combat veteran and I feel doing away with the  FREE  entrance is a slap in the face especially when you are going to be a part of a program that has made Disney what it is today . Veterans and disabled and birthday folks have had free entrance for ever and now it is gone .Normally love everything Disney. But went yesterday and it was more crowded than ever experienced. My daughter and I got stuck in a log jam of people near haunted mansion and no one could move for over 15 minutes. Really dangerous. Couldn't retreat just pinned in. The workers tried to get the crowds moving but we're stuck. I'm grateful no one had a panic attack. It could been a Mecca. It's so crowded that people were exited backstage areas. Walt would've been horrified that any guest would see that. Shame on Disney !!!I thought long and hard on my title, and as have yet, not written poor review for anything, let alone terrible. I just can't believe how little customer service there is, how poor the environment and atmosphere is, and that there appears to be no control over the volume of customers (yes customers Disney!!!) who are allowed into the park. That said, my review is not because today (our second day) a Friday, felt so horrendously claustrophobic and inhibiting for our 4 year old that we left after only 2 hours; 1 hour of which was spent queuing for a ride (auto something) that was an archaic pitiful attempt at entertainment, that goes nowhere, does nothing interesting, and ends with disappointed kids, taunted by the prospect of queuing for 80 minutes to get on the Finding Nemo submarine ride. The crowding is so bad it makes you feel very uncomfortable, unable to move anywhere without being pushed or shoved. If you have children who use a buggy (we have 2 kids one of whom does), then maybe wait until their old enough to not....its just a nightmare...you can't go anywhere with the buggy, even the monorail makes you fold it to use. I was quite surprised by the number of adults in the park without kids, but hey, its for everyone, I get that, but there really is quite a dominating feel to the park by groups of 'big kids' (read grown adults behaving like kids) who can make for an unpleasant environment. Major Point 1: Mickeys Halloween party   Saved by the Light Parade and Fireworks which are spectacular, and the only thing that makes the price of entry worthwhile. Dear Disney, great work on the lights, theme music and all that, but holy crap, the place is full of grown ups dressed up, barging around the place with bags full of candy. It was the least child friendly thing we have ever done of Halloween. Major Point 2: Disney is designed to get the most money out of you in the least amount of time possible. Given that they own everything, and you pay an exorbitant amount of money to get in, get some staff that actually want to work there. I would say 50% of the people we met who worked there couldn't appear more pissed off if they tried. The worst customer service I have seen anywhere in North America. Major Point 3: This is NOT a child  centric   child orientated or friendly place to bring small children. It is certainly more suited to older kids above the age of 8. We have a tall 4 year old, but saw several pre schoolers literally pushed out of the way because they were just too short. At least let them down lightly; maybe a sticker , or badge. There are no chill out areas to go with small one's. Be warned, when its busy it is just hellish. This can't be right in a park with this much real estate? It is so geared to getting money out of your pocket that you have to really work hard to look for highlights. Last Major Point: The Characters....ABSENT ABSENT ABSENT   I used the Disney app to try and track down characters that my 4 year old was dreaming of meeting, and that are littered all over the 'Disney Marketing videos'....we hardly saw any characters in either park. The most characters we saw was in the nighttime parade, other than that they are noticeable only by their absence. It is quite shocking given the price, marketing and anticipation for the kids that you can't find anyone, and the rare few you do you have to que for 30 minutes for the privilege of a photograph.....you HAVE to que because there are so few of them around. Today, Friday 30th in DisneyLand main park, in the space of 3 hours walking pretty much the entire area, we saw Thor and Captain America at the end of a very long que. That was it. After we gave up and decided to leave, we saw a tap dancing chip munk with about 20 people stood around, and a line of 50 people queuing for a picture with a giant pumpkin...that pretty much summed it up for me....Where was Peter Pan, Buzz, Woody, Monsters Inc, The Neverland Pirates, Mickey, Mini, Pluto, and so on. Disney would say, hey they were there, check the app. Well I have nothing to gain by saying otherwise. If they are there you have to search; hard. Which with a 4 year old is not easy in 31 degrees. Shouldn't the theme park be full of these characters enriching the experience? Halloween Party.....shouldn't there be trick or treat everywhere along the stroll, in the shops, on the street, like there is in most places outside on Halloween? Not a few special trick or treat trails with a 40 minute line up of immature dressed up adults? Trick or treat is for the kids, not adults for christ sakes. If they could put the effort and occasion into everything that they put into the the parade and fireworks it might live up to the marketing hype. But they don't The rides are old and tired and appear to be breaking down or in need of repair, the tickets are over sold and over priced, and the food is mostly over priced with poor service and lack of care. All in all I would not recommend anyone visit Disneyland with young kids. Maybe its a different experience with older, more worldly wise kids, but with an almost five year old that things Buzz Lightyear is a real Space Hero, and who truly believes that there is a Neverland with Pirates, its pretty rough constantly explaining that they must have gone to save the day or be having a lunch break....and sorry buddy I know we've been queuing an hour, but we're almost there....oh you need the potty....and yes I know its scary with so many people...save yourself a small fortune an use the money for an actual vacation...their about the same price!!!!!There were so many people you could not even walk. It was so hot and muggy and the lines took 60 minutes or more to get to a ride that lasts 2 minutes. We had little kids and the majority of people on the rides andin the lines ahead of us were ADULTS. I do nto think that is what Walt Disney had in mind when he built his park. People were stepping on people, restaurants had long lines just ot get in and sit down to eat and most of the nice restaurants needed reservations, what a terrible thing to do to kids and adults. There was one decent restaurant that did nto need a reservations, had good food and was air conditioned and that was in the CARS area called FLO's. The day we were there i could notget my eight year old sone on a small kids ride without waiting 35 minutes because of all the adults in the line (WITH NO CHILDREN) ahead of us! OMG, what goes on in California. The cost was painful, almost $200 per person per day!!!So in summary:You get to pay $200 per person to stand in long lines, listen to foul mouthed teenagers, get stepped on by rude adults and kids, get refused service at restaraunts because you need reservations, and teams of little female Disnaeyland employees run around and tell you you cannot sit on the wall at mainstreet to get a better view without standing.Not my idea of fun. Would never go back and would NOT recomend this place to anyone. I recomend you stay home, watch a disney movie and be thankful you did not spend this kind of money for the pain.If you want a realy fun experience, go to Kings Island in Ohio, it has more rides, better rides, less people but nicer people and no lines.I have been to Disneyland a countless number of times. This time was unorganized chaos. They seemed horribly understaffed. We were herded like cattle through tight spaces not roped off for parades. Wait times are expected but over 2 hours for mediocre rides is ridiculous. There was garbage all over which just never happens in Disneyland   Not Ever!  Cast members  did not seem to know what was going on and seemed short and frustrated as well. At one point we were pushed by an employee trying to make her way through the crowd. I was waved to exit the park when I was trying to get to the lockers to get my stored items. We finally just left extremely frustrated and disappointed.i wouldn't recommend going to Disney unless you have kids under the 48 inch height or if you love queuing up for over a hour and half. Disney doesn't seem to have a shut of point of how many people they let in! apparently we went on a quiet day when ques where still so long! we had the 3 day park pass and did the california adventure park which was okay not as busy as the disney land park. we just left after being in the park for an hour, as i think queuing up for over an hour is a waste of time! even doing the fast passes didnt get you in any quicker and you only really makes you cut 50% of the line. even the ques for food and drink lines were ridiculously long! i would not recommend going to disneyland and think there are far better parks out there!the rides need updating as there old and obsolete! a lot of the rides are not disney based which you would expect to see in a disney park. this was by far the worst theme park i have ever been to!I did not think it was possible to fit that many people in an open space. It really was ridiculous.  I thought they had a max capacity and that they respected it. If that is the case, they should review the max capacity. It was...MoreAs a frequent visitor of Disneyworld in Florida and a Disney shareholder, I was incredibly excited to finally see the other side of the country's rendition on the Disney Magic. I love Disney, almost to the point you would think I could see no wrong in anything about it. Instead, here I am to review the park as terrible, and that's even after Town Hall tried to  make my stay more magical  (which, even that, was said with disdain by the disgruntled woman behind the counter.) It started out with a 40 minute line just to park, which cost something like $20, and requires a 5 minute walk before reaching trams, which were another 30 minute wait. My mother can't walk well, so this was a frustrating beginning to the day, but we were able to rest. We finally made it into the park after buying expensive park hoppers   9:15 AM. We went to California adventure first because of the crowd waiting to get into Disneyland. Might have been the best part of the day, because the lines at their longest in California Adventure were only 95 minutes... and then we dared to go to Disneyland's  Magic Kingdom  style park. 205 minutes was a normal wait time, and Space Mountain was broken down    then they shut down Haunted Mansion! The crowd was so terrible we couldn't move, and NO ONE respected my mother's mobility issues. It was like trying to get on the subway in New York EVERY STEP of the way!Problems with the stay, besides the crowd and the wait:  Disney Dining packages were sold out by 9:00 AM.  NO sense of  Cast Member  Pride. The employees in the stores that could not find the product I desired did not call around to try and find it, they shunted me off to the next store in the line, citing time and overcrowding. The actors running down Main Street had no passion in their performance, and even STOPPED LIP SYNCHING before they were even  backstage ! Mickey Mouse himself while singing  California Here I Come  made exasperated hand motions to mock the fact no one was paying attention to him as they waited to go behind the scenes, holding up his hands and shrugging as his voice over claimed  This crowd is bumping!  I wish I had my camera out, it was flabbergasting to witness!  Worst Cast Member Faux Pas: When we asked the Haunted Mansion  Line Starts Here  Cast Member if the dreadful crowds and sea of frowning faces was really the norm for Disneyland, he acknowledged our question by looking at us, SCOFFED, and WALKED AWAY. I cannot explain to you our shock and dismay   this is unheard of in Disneyworld.  Ride Breakdowns and under staffing: 2 rides with  single rider  lines did not have them open due to  under staffing,  according to the ride Cast Members. The only saving grace is that the  food court  area in California adventure had good food in good quantities for very reasonable prices (though drinks were a bit obscenely priced at nearly $4 each.) Normally I would give another star at least for the fact that, at the end of the day, we did make a complaint and someone did try to 'remedy' the situation. She offered fastpasses on our card for rides that were closed down, however, and the dust caking the entirety of Town Hall   the moldy air vents made an uncomfortable conversation worse. She was begrudgingly helpful and offered as little as she thought she could get away with to us. Disneyworld   whenever we have even the smallest problem   sometimes goes above and beyond to fix something we didn't even complain about! Here we were having to suggest to her what she do to make us whole... in DISNEY!! If you're familiar at all with Orlando, the service bends over backwards to make your stay valuable and magical. This woman just wanted us out the door! And she took us out, too... after issuing new park hoppers to  try again,  she invalidated our current ones and escorted us out (amicably, granted) and finally offered a SPECIFIC apology for the evening, which she turned somehow into a remark about Disneyworld, as if we were spoiled by it. I am sincerely hoping that was just my take away of it, and not her actual intention, so i'll offer benefit of the doubt there. Honestly, I'm not sure we'll ever use our  try again  park hoppers to visit a place where the Cast Members don't even attempt to care about the Disney mission, and I sincerely regret having wasted our money on the parks in the first place. We should have pressed for a refund instead. The UNHAPPIEST birthday celebration for my mother on her 60th birthday ever, and it was during their 60th anniversary celebration. Talk about lost potential for Disney magic! Orlando ... we'll be back soon. So long, California!Very disappointed in the crowds. I expected to wait in lines but the chaos of just trying to walk in the park was unreal. Disney really needs to figure out a way to control how many people enter the park. When families travel a long distance and pay thousands of dollars for a vacation it is frustrating to have so many local season pass holders making lines excruciatingly long and walking from point A to B difficult. Good solution would be to limit the amount of locals allowed in the park per day so that people who are paying full price plus the cost of travel can have an enjoyable vacation.Next problem was the rides breaking down very frequently. No customer service to make it right for people who were significantly inconvenienced by waiting in lines for 1 2 hours just to be sent away. Way too many rides were broken down for very long durations. I get that things break but 5 years ago when we were at Disneyland this problem didn't occur.Thirdly there is no magic. Difficult to see the characters and they just leave little kids (and big kids) standing in line, disappointed and sad because they didn't get to see the character. There needs to be more characters out in the park making guests smile and interacting because that is why people go to Disneyland, for the  magic and happiness . Disneyland is far from being the happiest place on earth.Fourth it is annoying when people pay thousands to get there and stay in a hotel have to pay full price for everything and locals who already have less expense get discounts. Why not lower the prices for everyone? A pen that should cost at most $0.50 is $10.00.Fifth you pay for a full day pass but the park closes early and there is no compensation for it. Pathetic. Lastly, the staff in general was neither friendly or rude with the exception of a few. They didn't seem to care whether guests were happy but they just did the minimal amount to complete their jobs so they wouldn't get fired. Overall, be prepared for uncomfortably long waits for 30 seconds of most likely mediocre experience, extremely high prices for everything, dirty crowded bathrooms, packed walkways, long food lines, poor seating, rides and shows that break down frequently, and staff that mostly doesn't care that you spent a lot of money to go to the  happiest place on earth .What a terrible experience. The park was oversold. It was solid people. Only got to 5 rides in 12 hours; what a joke. Old Walt would be so disappointed. Spent $100 a ticket for this and $150 for food and water once in the park. Plus hotel. Plus travel. Worst choice of vacation I have ever made in my life. Terrible value. I want to visit an amusement and theme park to enjoy and escape from the stress of everyday life. Instead I was stressed the entire time. It was worse than an LA traffic jam. Everything was dirty too. I will NEVER visit a Disney Park again. Greedy Disney execs have ruined what was a great brand.Love Disneyland but hate the line ups Constantly when you get bags checked, entrance, rides OMG the early morning are a joke more lineups only Disney open They are catering to locals ( I don't have problem with locals but take care of lineups)And the scooters now crazy When people visit from farther way they dont have 7 or 10 passes We pay for flight and motel It's crazy they running at 89% capacity I am very disappointedWe try and go every 5 years as a big group of 20 but I won't go back nowI will encourage my kids to go somewhere else and I love DisneyWell Disneyland is wonderful and amazing. It's so much fun for people of all ages and the food is fantastic! The best corn dogs, to sit down restaurants it just has everything you could want and more. And of course the rides. Something for everyone and every age. It's terrible because of the cost. Now the annual passes have become cost prohibitive and I don't think we will be going anymore. It's a shame.We just has the WORST experience ever at Disneyland. We went on a Tuesday it was so jam packed my daughter got injured by someone ramming into her shoulder. There is NO good time to go to Disney anymore. It is only going to get worse when they build the new Star Wars land. I can hardly call it a great time at Disney when your daughter is walking through the rides in tears because her shoulder hurts so bad. You may think this isn't Disney's fault, but it most certainly is. A park is over sold if you can't even move without getting an injury. We will never go back until they fix this. Maybe they need to turn people away.Let me preface this review with the following information: I have always loved Disneyland with a passion I am a trained medical provider with over 30 years experience I have great sympathy for people who are truly disabled and have volunteered with a local agency that provides guide dogs to the visually impaired. I have raised guide dogs and been a breeder keeper.  I have attended the Disney Institute training required by my employerWe planned this trip to celebrate our anniversary. Decided to go all out and stay on the property for the convenience of being within walking distance of the parks. Also wanted to see the Halloween d  cor and the kids in their costumes as we were there during the trick or treat events (we did not attend, it was an additional fee on top of the passes we purchased, and the park closed at 6pm these nights). As we arrived after the park had opened, stood in line for 45 minutes to enter the park. This was just the beginning of our many  waits  in line. Sure we know about the fast passes but since you can only have one at a time didn't really help with the lines. I wasn't impressed with the decorations, expected much more. Due to the drought (I think?) there weren't the normal beautiful flower displays which add a lot of color and character to the park. For the first time ever, the park appeared worn and outright dirty in some places. The water around the castle was green and there was a lot of garbage, including a dead duck floating in it. Bathrooms weren't all clean. The areas leading to the rides were sticky and some smelled badly. Not the DL I remember. I was immediately struck by the number of people on scooters and the number of double and triple wide strollers. As safety is the number one concern for all Disney experiences, it became quite clear it was very unsafe due to the number of these devices parked all over and trying to maneuver through the park. If there were to be any kind of emergency many people will be trampled or hit. The park was not designed for this type of traffic, along with the thousands of people, especially in the narrower areas especially in Fantasyland. Had stopped behind a scooter that stopped in the middle of the flow of traffic and was struck from behind by a stroller. Had contusions and a great deal of swelling on my leg that was hit. The  dad  stopped and asked if I was okay, I was nearly knocked to the ground and too shocked to speak, he just shrugged his shoulders and took off. I limped over to sit down and struck up a conversation with an employee who said, I quote  You can go over to first aid and get an ice pack. I'm really sorry but wow, you should see the scooter injuries when they run over someone!  Confirmed what I had thought many of the people on the scooters were dangerous drivers! The second point in regards to the scooters. I'm not talking about the veteran who had lost both his legs and had his own scooter, nor the man who had part of his foot removed and was in a real cast, nor the 93 year old who couldn't walk. You see if you claim you are disabled you, and your party of however many you want, get to go in the exit and go to the front of line. Furthermore if you truly need a scooter by Disneyland's protocol's posted at the front of the rides, you would not be healthy enough to ride many of the attractions again not talking about small world! This was every time we got on and off a ride we had to wait for people who came in through the exit. In fact outside of pirates there was again, a safety concern, as there were so many scooters lined up to come in the exit that we could not exit the ride. My fav was the lady impersonating a visually impaired person when she was obviously not. Nor did the dog have the appropriate harness or identification. We were having lunch in Frontierland outside. She let the dog off leash (never allowed in public, unsafe for the dog, all guide dogs are trained to leash relieve for this purpose) and let it go into a display under the fence and poop. Right next to where we were eating. Just so wrong on so many levels. I understand DL has areas for therapy dogs to relieve themselves and this was not one of them!The food was good but overpriced by 50 75% with small portions. The service was hit and miss, saw many employees on their cell phones (not their work phones), yawning, not all super friendly as in the past. Also over heard many complaining about their managers or their hours. Couldn't blame them for complaining about the rude customers because I agreed with them. The magic hour, while a good idea, didn't work out so well in DL because they had several of the areas closed so everyone who came in early was packed into 2 of the areas instead of the whole park. The 60th anniversary fireworks were spectacular, the other nights not so much. So what has changed? Society? Disney? Perhaps a combination of both. Overall witnessed so many rude people, pushing and shoving, grown men and women running nearing knocking over little kids. The scooter group just really out of control. Too many examples to list after a few days at the park. Couldn't help but feel ripped off after what we spent for the package we purchased after dealing with the massive crowds and lines. Lastly, will end as most days at DL should with the light parade. We noticed people staking out their spots 2 hours ahead of time so we decided for one night we would do the same. We sat on the ground for 1.5 hours with specific instructions from DL staff that when they told us to stand, we must stand and remain standing until the parade was over behind the white rope and in front of the rope in the back. Where we were standing there was enough room for one person. For safety reasons, no one could sit on the curb in front of us due to the size of the floats. People became frantic and tried to push us from the back, them from the front to take our spots. The couple next to us, an adult and her elderly mom in leg braces and on crutches, literally had to hold onto the light poll as people were trying to push in. Thankfully a security guard was placed behind us to protect us. The parade was about to start and a lady came running over pushing a small toddler in a stroller who she then dumped out as ran onto the curb. Her husband came up behind with a double stroller, the DL employee tells her she can't stay there, her toddler in the ground crying, and she proceeds to stand and yell at those of us (who have been there for 2 hours) about her  right  to see the parade and who we were preventing her children from seeing the parade. She then turned and yelled at her husband. Really? So we saw the parade, lasted about 12 minutes, so not worth the hassle and all the people who yelled at us for taking  their space.  We won't return until many years later when we have grand kids perhaps by then DL will have figured out how to manage the crowds better. I fear though by then we won't be able to afford to go, seriously do not understand how the family's that were there could afford it! Tips: Don't plan too much in one day. Best not to have a schedule or be on time limits, that is what worked best for us due to the crowds and wait times. Bring your own food. We don't have small children but would consider bringing a small umbrella stroller to store food and water but more importantly to maneuver through the crowds more safely. Go as early as you can. Talked to locals who reported the locals come after school and work thus the park gets busier as the day goes on. Downtown Disney is a nice place to get away from the crowds, but then requires standing in line to re enter.Not convenient at all! My etickets never came through on my email but Disneyland sure charged my visa! They refused to resend the tickets and after encouraging me to do etickets tickets (as not to pay for international shipping to Canada) they said not to worry I could go stand in line with everyone else to get my etickets upon my arrival. Ridiculous.We have always been huge Disney Fans. It was a joyous part of my childhood, and I was excited to have Disney be a happy part of my son's childhood. People joke about being Disney  crazy with us, having lots of disney toys, all the movies, clothes, paintings, decorations, snack foods, & even Disney stocks. We always have looked forward to our Disney vacations, even though it is 16 hours to get there. However, for the last few years things at the Parks have been going down hill. It has become more of a local hang out, & not the magical place that you feel the excited butterflies weeks before the trip. We were actually very glad when our vacation week was up this last trip. Not that we wanted to go back home to school and work, but we definitely did not want to endure the let down of Disneyland any longer. I never thought we would say that! We have been visiting several times a year starting in 2009. We loved it so much that we started to bring other families with us. But none of our friends & family can stand the over crowding anymore, & don't want to waste their money & vacations. No one wants to get excited to see a beautiful parade or go on fun ride only to spend the bulk of your time packed among thousands of unhappy people, & not able to see or do much of anything! Also, with that much over crowding, the cleanliness is not at all what it used to be. Many of the bathrooms last week looked & felt like I was in a road side gas station with the plugged up toilets & trash on the floor. I now see why people associated sickness & desease with going to Disneyland. I am sorry to say that I am cancelling our next vacation reservations, and will have to look elsewhere for family vacations.I write this as I sit in my Disneyland hotel with my daughter trying to cool down after three days at the park. Each day the high was over 95 degrees reaching 100 with 45% humidity. What I saw in the park were many situations where people's health was endangered by heat and poor park design. I have also been to Disneyworld in the heat and felt comfortable because they were prepared for crowds in hot sunshine.What I experienced was long winding lines difficult to exit in full sunlight for over 45 minutes. Unlike Florida there are no misters (the only one I saw was in Soaring CA). There are also few canvas covers like you see in Florida.. The only transportation option from Disneyland hotel to the parks is the monorail for about half the ten block walk. Today it was closed from at least 3p to 8:30p BECAUSE IT WAS TOO HOT! Instead guests had to walk in the heat, is that safer? There are no trams. The trolleys that used to run down Main Street are gone. When I asked for transportation options in the heat I was told to rent a wheelchair.Most of the walkways are in full sun. Very few places to sit in shade. I saw many infants and toddlers with no hats being exposed to the sun. Several looked pale and lethargic. It was scary. A person I met said they saw an older woman get heat stroke and start convulsions. They tried to help her until a doctor arrived.I know monorails can be designed to run in the heat. I know Disney uses trams in the parking areas. I know Disneyland used to run trolleys on main roads. My only explanation for these lapses is that it forces the crowds to walk past all the stores encouraging people to come in from the heat and spend more money.I will never come to Disneyland in any month that may have a heat wave. This is September and it is still hot. I would hope anyone reading this would not bring their children and expose them to this situation. It just isn't safe.I used to love Disneyland. I hate to say it but it sucks horribly now. They let it get so crowded you can barely move. They hardly ever change anything so there is never much new to see. What they did change is now you need a fast pass to even see Fantasmic at all or pay ridiculous amounts of extra money for actual seats. They hardly changed anything in Fantasmic anyway. Same old story. Same water effects. You can see much better in Las Vegas. Maybe I am too old for amusement parks but standing in line in the heat all day for two minute rides is not something I find enjoyable. I avoid Disneyland during summer because of the heat, no shade, no misters but decided to take my Mom & grandson big mistake we spent most of our time trying to find a place to cool off..no luck there is no shade. We wasted so much time trying to cool off so grandma wouldn't have a Sun stroke! Disneyland you make so much $$$$ off of us put in more shade & misters for us like knotts & universal studios!Best avoided during any sort of school holiday time. If fighting the crowds wasn't bad enough, pushing a wheelchair in near 100 degree heat from one broken ride to another broken ride, paying a fortune for cold drinks and ice cream, never again springs to mind. In one day to have space mountain and thunder mountain break down is unacceptable given the entrance cost. Don't even mention $17 to park! We drove especially for about 2 hours to visit the park. Prices are high but you expect this from amusement parks in the USA . Parking was 17 usd and in the full sun. and there was an convenient shuttle to the park which was already fun. Getting an entry ticket was slow. After waiting for some time in the full sun someone approached us with the message to go to another booth on the other side of the square. This was very unclear though. Finally we managed to get to pay 200USd for 2 tickets    Entering the park it looked very busy. Well this was an understatement. The park was old and small. Everything was very close to each other and there were just to many people inside the park. Busy is not an issue you expect that. However this was just plain madness. To the point of just dangerous full.Waiting time was minimum of 1,5 hours. You could hardly walk so many people were inside the park. We were so disappointed that we decided to leave after 1 hour . we issued an complaint and I must say they gave us back most of the fees we paid to get in. If you want to go to Disney go to Florida. Skip CaliforniaReally disappointed with the attitude of cast members at this park. I paid $17 to park in one of the car parks, we were directed to Simba at the end of Downtown Disney near the Disneyland Hotel. This is a very long walk to the main entrance to the park in very hot weather. You can access Tomorrowland from the Monorail Station located in Downtown Disney. It was at this point that I noticed a sign saying  No Selfie Sticks  I approached the security bag search area and was informed that I needed to return this to the car or check it in at lost and found property at the Main Gate. The stick is for my Sony Action Camcorder rather than a mobile device. I asked the cast member why they had put up signs at the entrance to the car park and also along the footpath as you exit the car park. At this point another rather rude cast member said haven't you seen it on TV, my reply was obvious no otherwise I wouldn't have brought it. I was then faced with another long walk to the main entrance to the park, where I was met with another cast member who struggled to get me to fill out a label and then attach it to my property. Lots of people were bringing in selfie sticks. Whilst I accept the reason why they are banned from the park, I do take issue with allowing people to walk around the park in queues for rides with umbrellas when it is a really hot day. This is far more dangerous in a very crowded park. In 12 hours we only saw one character, Goofy just before the parade. When I visited the park back in 2009 we saw loads and my boy obtained lots of autographs. Having visited DisneyWorld Florida back in 2013 this was a far better experience.Not sure what is going on California but this park needs some attention.I only met two cast members who were extremely helpful during the visit.Very disappointed! Pros: hotel rooms were wonderful, hotel staff was wonderful, steakhouse 55 was wonderfulCONS: as many of my readers know I am one of the most positive people and leave very good to excellent reviews. Imagine my disappointment going to the happiest place on earth and having the most horrific and expensive vacation ever. Outrageously expensive from tickets to hotels to price fixed menu's to five dollars a bottle for water inside the park. They also won't let you take any food in the park so they've got the racket pretty much set up.Miss information abounds in this enormous mass of parks. Whether it's the Information stand or a friendly cast member on the street; no one gives you the same directions for the same information no matter who you ask. The restrictions on times and the length of wait time on rides, even when you have fast pass, front of the line or upgraded tickets is ridiculous.  the absolute kicker was how truly unhappy and mean some of the park staff were. Including the security gate checkpoint Nazis and many of the staff and in service workers from hostesses to waiters. I found this to be the worst vacation I've ever gone on and would never set foot in another Disney park. Even after bringing it to the attention of supervisors, guest relations, three emails to their offices still no response whatsoever. I would stay away from there and go to any of the other equally as wonderful parks.Wasted 1 hour driving to remote parking in morning that was counter to all online directions.  Poor planning, poor communications to public, waste of customer money and time.  We travel to Disneyworld annually and this is experience does not meet the standards of Disney.  BooooOur visit to Disneyland was a major disappointed. This park was a huge circle of confusion. With thousands of people everywhere pushing and shoving to get to no where. The.ridws were subpar after waiting starting at 45 minutes to over an hour to ride if you don't have the additional $60 fast pass. Never saw Mickey, Minnie, or any of the main characters. Every thing was overpriced. The girls were so tired of standing and walking they wanted to leave early. It was just not worth what they charged to be a part of the entire production to park, ride, eat, see shows, and even use the rest room. NEVER going back. Long lines, pushy people, short and dated rides, one giant hot mosh pit of humanity....time wasted that you will never get back....the Disney image has melted.How most of the reviewers on here can give this dump a 4 or 5 star rating is unexplainable. You do NOT get much of a bang for your buck, unless you somehow enjoy dangerously high density, rude, cattle crushing crowds, crying sweaty kids, very substandard food, annoying jingles, lack of shade or seating, short rides requiring life wasting long waits.I suppose if you must go, try to go during the extreme off season. Do NOT waste your money, even if you are wealthy, going there during Summer and Spring. Even if you intend to just stroll the grounds or shops, be ready for a sea of humanity with people pretending to have fun. This place is a dump with a cosmetic veneer. Go to a national or state park, or, at the very least, go to an alternate theme park...Universal studios generally has a much better experience...perhaps not as many rides, but they do have themed areas and the studio tours are great.I don't drink or do drugs, but in the case of Dizzyland, I'd have to be on something to ENDURE such unneeded torture. I (and others in my small group) realize we made a giant mistake paying for such a losing experience, and will NEVER patronize this nonsensical place again....which won't be a problem for corporate Disney...because there are millions willing to take up the vacancies.This is NOT the  happiest place on Earth ....what a crock of crap to any aware, thinking person.We were so disappointed with Disney.  Just one big line (queue) designed to force everyone to spend as much time (and therefore money) in the park.  Walt would feel let down.It has been said that Disney makes enough in revenue to be able to entirely rebuild the park every 3 days, yet nothing has been added in decades (apart from more overcrowding). It is wall to wall packed right from the start of the day, this only becomes entirely ridiculous once staff begin roping off 2 3's of the walk ways to cater to the numerous parades (why not buy some more land & dedicate a stadium to host parades as most people end up lining up for hours before these parades even begin then end up not being able to even see them as the crowds are so thick). The lines for most rides were over an hour for what ends up being 2 minutes or less of an outdated toddlers ride, i do not know how small children can wait for so long all day in the sun. Prams run you down at every turn & even the queue for lunch took over 40 minutes. No more characters in the park either, you have to queue to meet them (we had a 5yr old so had to meet Elsa & Anna which was an hours wait for a quick hello & a photo). If you add up how much you end up paying per ride it is well over $25 a ride (as the crowds prevent anyone being able to do more than 4 5 short rides the entire day), Just awful, we ended up walking around all day trying to find a queue that was less than a 40 minutes wait before giving up & leaving, never want to go back there again. Universal is far & beyond better in every respect.It is with great disappointment that I need to share the truth about Disneyland. The 'mind blowing' overcrowding takes away from all possibilities of true enjoyment of this park. Walt Disney would be so sad to see the stress that this overcrowding creates for EVERYONE. Impossible to truly experience the original vision for Disneyland anymore. It is gone   thanks to corporate greed . I personally would rather save longer to pay more for the promise of bringing the crowd numbers way down at the park. In present conditions I will not go back. So sad that no one is really paying attention to what is happening .Was there with my two kids and we left after 4 hours. It was simply so overcrowded and impossible to get around. Waiting times for attractions was between 60 and 90 minutes. Shame on Disney for selling so many tickets that their guests get an experience like this. This was supposed to be the best experience of our 4 weeks vacation in the US and ended being the worst.If you have been to Disney World, you will be terribly disappointed. This park is the original and is frozen in time. There is really only 1 thrill ride   space mountain. Everything else, I would consider a kiddie ride. In my opinion, not worth the money or time. While Disneyland is a favorite destination for me and my family I find the pricing on nights that they have the Halloween party are not very well thought through. We plan on going in October and on one of the two nights we will be there is the Halloween party for around $77.00 yet I will have to pay a full price regular ticket of $225.00 for a 2 day park hopper when in fact I get kicked out of the park at 6PM for Halloween ticket holders on one night. So if I attended this party that particular day would cost me approx. $189.50 instead of $112.50 for the day night. I refuse.THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH DON'T MAKE ME SO HAPPY ANYMORE!I have been coming to Disneyland every year for nearly 40 years now and never seen it this bad before!The family and I was at Disneyland June 24th threw the 29th the parade was going on, and we was riding the train to Main Street at around 9pm, the train let us off, and sense the Main Street Train Station don't have a wheelchair accessible ramp and the wife and I had to wait to set the stroller up at the bottom of the stairs.When we got to the bottom of the stairs we had to set up the stroller and was told we couldn't stand there in the walkway that we would have to keep moving. We told the employee, aka cast member, that we just got off the train and was setting up the stroller quickly and then we would be moving, and was told stroller or not, we would still have to move because the parade was going on and we was in the no parade watching walkway. We then told the cast member we wasn't watching the parade we was quickly setting up the stroller. She said sorry but you still have to move! We wasn't even blocking others people from walking by.Disneyland needs to train there employees, aka cast members, how to treat there guests. In the matter of 10 seconds it took to set up our stroller we had 3 cast members tell us there was no standing there. Unecceptable!!!We went to city hall to make a complaint about the parade usher cast members, we told them if they don't want people getting off the train during the parade that they should just shut the train station, and trains down during the parade. And that this was unecceptable!!! The cast member at City Hall said she agrees with us and what we are saying, but that there was nothing she could do about the parade ushering cast members. A complaint will be filed with Disneyland corporate office HR Department! What an absolutely miserable day we had at Disneyland.We arrived at around 12pm. The park was already extremely crowded, but it was nothing compared to what was to come.I would say that of the next 12 hours we spent at the park, about 10 minutes of it would have been on rides, and we were mostly there for the rides.The park clearly needs a limit on how many people can come at a time. The amount of people that were in the park was beyond a joke. It was to the point where in some places you were unable to move. There are people with prams everywhere, even at 10pm , and in a crowd of thousands of people, it simply doesn't work. It's a place that is obviously completely about the money and not about the experience.The lines for the rides were beyond ridiculous. At least an hour per ride, and multiple times in line the rides experienced 'technical difficulties', which added an extra 15 minutes   at a time.Though Disneyland is obviously a children's theme park, it is certainly not up to date with it's rides.They shut massive sections and pathways off in the park in preparation for the parades, quite far in advance. How they justify this I have no idea as when thousands of people are at a stand still while there is a massive empty path right next to them, it seems quite crazy.When we went to leave the park, the tram service that shuttles you back to carpark also experienced 'technical difficulties'. Instead of informing us of this, the staff just left us standing there. We would have waited the best part of an hour before deciding to just walk back to the carpark, which was not a short distance. There were thousands of people left having to do this with no communication from the staff. On the walk to the car, we had staff on the trams condescendingly and rudely waving at us and laughing. They were genuinely the rudest people I have come across this far in the States.It would seem that Disneyland is so full of procedure (I can only assume from being Sued) that the staff are essentially unable to make any decisions for themselves. How many Disneyland staff would it take to screw in a lightbulb? I dread to think.I have wanted to go to Disneyland my whole life, and I can say in all honestly that not only was it BY FAR the worst theme park experience of my life, but that it was one of the least enjoyable days of my life. It sure as hell is not the happiest place in the World.Between the 6 of us we probably spent $1000 USD for the day out, which is incredibly depressing considering how miserable of an experience it was. If someone offered me $1000 to go back and do the day again, I would definitely decline.As a theme park, it barely functions, the service is horrendous, and the over all experience is horrible. I could probably go on all day about how much of a let down it was, but I'm sure Disneyland don't care, as they already have our money.We would never go back, I suggest you don't go either.We looked for a place to stand or sit 2 full hours before the start of the evening parade. People were already staking out every available spot  looking extremely tired and bored. We crammed into a spot by a trash can. After two hours of intense misery, the parade didn't begin on time. People streaming in endlessly like sardines. Finally we left, totally disgusted with what a completely miserable 2 hours we had spent. Don't go!Where to start... How about with the apparent overcrowding at the park. The corporation needs to start thinking about the quality of the experience they are offering. There were no lines that were under a half hour, some fast track lines being 30 40 mins long still. There is very little shade to escape the heat. Don't bother with the 'cinema'   it's 6 screens in one room showing 6 different movies and no seating  unless you sit on the wood floor. Food lines were ridiculous! Over half an hour in line for prepared chicken nuggets and chips (food quality was good however). The deceptive lines were the annoying part   lined up for the jungle cruise that looked like it was reasonable to find it was a 2 level maze of lines that went on forever... Upon returning to California we will not spend another cent at this park, next time will be Universal or like. I purchased 2 tickets for my daughter and my niece online hoping to avoid lines in the morning. I purchased the tickets online. I received a confirmation number in an email saying I would receive my tickets via email within one day. And do I have my e tickets as of 10:39pm PST? That would be a big fat NO. I tried accessing their online chat. That service was not available. I sent an email. I received an automatic reply indicating that someone would reply within 5 business days. How is it I don't have my e tickets? Now I actually have to go to the park, wait in line to talk with someone before I can get replacement tickets. Very poor experience. I have been to Disneyland many times over the past 50 years but on May 22, 2015 the Diamond Jubilee (60 years) the experience was one of the worst of my life. No fault to the cast members, all the fault lies squarely with management. It was my granddaughter's 21st birthday and she wished to spend it there with family rather than go drinking with her friends. We got our tickets and then the day before we checked with the information booth about the activities the next day and whether we would encounter any problems. We were advised that they would stop admitting guests probably around noon, but that those who had already entered would be okay to move back and forth between the parks, exit to Disney Walk, return to hotels, etc. and still be able to come back into the park. The expectation that the park would reach capacity around noon (Disneyland capacity was 92,000 and California Adventures was unknown by the Information Booth) but they would stop admitting guests so that those who had already entered could enjoy the parks. We left the parks for a brief rest at about 4:00 p.m. and found that there were people waiting to enter (my guess about 10 thousand). When I returned at about 7:00 I had to struggle through a larger crowd (my guess again about 15,000) to the front where I was told that no one was being admitted. At this point all seven in my family were devastated because my granddaughter now would not have her birthday evening in Disneyland, we would not see all the special lights that were prepared for the occasion, and we would not see the special fireworks and other productions. To say the least this was a very unhappy place for my family. I can't imagine what all those others were feeling.It's Disneyland, right? Who doesn't like Disneyland? I've been there hundreds of times. They over sell tickets. They charge way tooooo much for admission AND parking. Random rides are always closed or break down while you've been in line for an hour. During parades and shows, they heard you like cattle through the street and paths. You can't walk where you want to walk, there are ropes everywhere and people with light sticks herding you down paths you don't want to walk, and in one way directions. You can't stand anywhere. This is as a result of overselling tickets of course. With all of Disneyland's money, is it really necessary to sell so many tickets that there is no enough room in the park for everyone? For the rides, the fast passes are great; you just have to be organized. Not all the rides have them available. Who ever thought I'd be reviewing Disneyland? We and our kids had a great first half. Once the  herding  and  gridlock  started, it was horrible! Not a nice way to end the night! They need to work on this! Wheelchairs and strollers, good luck after 12pm!Perhaps we've been a little spoiled. But after visiting both Disneyworld and Disneyland, there is no comparison. It seems as if Disneyland tries to cram everything into one park. Utter chaos. Especially when they are getting ready for the parades. So much is roped off, impossible to get from one area to another without so much backtracking & crowds. Did not like it at all. And certainly don't plan on ever returning. Give me Disneyworld any day!Went to Disneyland over Spring Break 2015 with three grandchildren (ages 8 and twins age 2). $500 for 3 rides and lunch! Never, never again! The wait times were ridiculous! In the 70's and 80's, we went with our children to Disney World in Florida    we got  tickets  (the old system) and the days were always enjoyable for them! Crowds are okay    the wait times are not! Disney needs to come up with a better system! What a waste of time and money!We were really mad when we find out that we spend 93 dollars in the entrance of Disneyland and every game we wish to go like for example  New Orleans Enchanted Mansion  was closed, and another 4 games we like too. In the entrance nobody told you is under construction. I went last year to Disney World in Orlando and is a 10!! Everything is done in the hours before people arrived, nothing is closed unless is something new. Because it was less games to tons of people the lines were more than 1:45 hours to Space mountain, is depressing spend like 6 hours to go to 4 games. In Disney World the lines have the board that tells you exactly how many minutues you will spend making lines. Wifi didn't work, so you can't upload pictures or check out the app that tell you the minutes for the line in the games (Like every park in Orlando). I won't recommend it at all.Went to the Anaheim parks for the 24 hour kick off of the Diamond celebration and it was an absolutely miserable experience. Have been to Disney parks many times in the past so I knew to expect crowds but.... This was utterly ridiculous. Wait times 150 minutes. You couldn't move much of the day. They had twice as many people as should have been allowed. The poor employees were completely overwhelmed. Chaos set in about 1 am when people just wanted to leave and were not allowed to get to their cars. I was told if I wanted to leave I would have to walk completely around the parks (couple miles), take a cab or just wait in line an indefinite period of time. Each employee you asked had a different wrong answer or no answer at all. For this I got to pay $172... Never again!Today is the 24 hour 60th celebration. We expected a large crowd, but never expected that when I had to go back to our lodging I couldn't get back into the park; meanwhile my family was in the park and telling me they were still selling tickets. My family is in the park while I, with a ticket for today, am stuck in my room watching the Disneyland fireworks from my window as I am writing this review. They told my son they were prepared for the crowds; it looks like they were prepared to make money by selling tickets they had no intention of honoring for the whole day.This was our second annual birthday trip to Disneyland for my daughter, and unfortunately, I cannot write a positive review this time. Not only were the cast members in the Disneyland park incredibly rude and seemingly unhappy in their jobs, which we could have overlooked, we were duped into purchasing an over priced meal that advertized receipt of a Fastpass for Fantasmic, to which we were mislead and believed were for special seating The meal at Aladdin's Oasis was $19.99 per person and consisted of microwaved lasagna, a tiny salad, dinner roll and some cheesecake. The meal, with the exception of the dinner roll, was awful!! And in no way was worth half of what we paid!!! However, we thought it worth it to get a good view of the show at the end of our tired day (mind you, this was the end of our FIFTH day at Disney parks)! Prior to purchasing this barely digestible  food,  we ASKED two separate cast members about the details....not to mention, on the Disneyland schedule that promotes the purchase of food in exchange for a Fastpass, it implies that the viewing spot would be better than if we did not have them. We arrived at the Blue section 45 minutes before the show started (we were told that we only needed to be there fifteen minutes early because we had the passes). When we arrived, we were directed way over to the other side and in the standing only section. W T F?! I spent $60 on crap food to have to stand AND for my daughter to not even be able to see over people's heads?! I don't think so!! I spoke with a cast member, Amber, who was as helpful as she could possibly be....however, the other viewing spots she suggested were all standing only. We opted out. Not only was my daughter's view obstructed, her little legs just couldn't handle it; and quite frankly, neither could mine. I was told that other people who went to the more expensive restaurants were entitled to SEATED viewing  but I wasn't....because they spent more than me. But the real kicker  the Blue section that we got with our $60 lunch  was the EXACT SAME SECTION FOR THOSE THAT GOT REGULAR FASTPASSES....FOR FREE!!!!!! It's possible that I dropped the  F  bomb at that point. This trip cost us thousands of dollars  and we spent over a thousand dollars during the week we were there....yet Disney is apparently hard up.Guest Relations was a JOKE!!!! The gentleman that  helped  us never once smiled and even admitted himself that the food at Aladdin's Oasis is disgusting. He offered absolutely NO resolve other than telling me to write a complaint to guest relations on Disneyland's website. Given our horrible experience with rude cast members (Amber at Fantasmic was the ONLY exception), the park being WAY over crowded and getting suckered into purchasing a crap meal for crap fastpasses  I'm not thinking we'll be spending my daughter's birthday at Disney next year. It's Southern California....and there are PLENTY of other options!!!!!Rides were broken down and closed. We waited in line for 45 minutes or more for most rides. One broke down while we were in line, had to wait an hour to get on and it broke down once again while we were on it. No apologies, just got us off, no offer of fast passes in compensation. Way too overcrowded to be enjoyable. No magic left in Disneyland. Couldn't pay me to go back.This place is simply way too over rated. Avoid it like plague on a weekend or on a holiday. Long ques for rides , food and even for clicking a pic. Food is overpriced and not worth it.Waited in line to park, get the tram, buy tickets, get into park and every ride. Spent the entire time once we saw the Disney sign in one line or another. Staff moved like turtles & spent more time talking to each other . $300 for 3 of us. Complete waste of $$$$ as EVERY ride was over an hour wait. Disney should limit the amount of people admitted to the park. 2 rides took hours 36 minutes.Besides dealing with the line jumpers or cutters, just walking through the park is difficult without getting hit. People will just ram into you like you aren't even there. This park like many others like it, bring out the absolute worst in people. We were waiting in line for Pirates for about 45 min and when we started to turn the corner a family of five lead by the father cut in front of me and my family, I reported this to a worker but she just said sorry. Its not worth fighting over but it sure got my blood pressure to rise. We will never go back to Disneyland, it is far from the happiest place on earth. The walkways are to narrow for the amount of people. This was not much of a vacation it felt like we were going into battle everyday.Flew here from NC for Spring Break. Bee to Disney World several times and loved it. Daughter diagnosed I with Type 1 Diabetes last year. Been to Dollywood and Carowinds, both gave us a sheet to take around to attractions where we would be given a time to return to keep her from standing in long lines. Thought it would be same at The Magical Place on Earth. Stood in line at first services to be told no, Disbetes is not a disability they recognize at Disney. Was asked how we typically manage blood sugar, explained process of counting carbs and injecting insulin. Was told too just give more insulin. Was told standing in line would be good for her. Spoke to supervisor and given same bad info. I also called Disney dining ahead of time and made reservations. I was told the chefs could help us with carb counts. Our chef looked at me like I was speaking a different language. Thet turned it I to a challenging vacation where my daughter was exhausted by 2 each day so we left the park.I'm not pleased to have to report this but if you are planning a trip to Disneyland any time soon I would reconsider. Within one day of arriving home (March 2015) me and my 3 year old granddaughter became VERY SICK! Now the 14 month old is starting with fevers. I don't remember ever being this sick for this long and I'm not showing signs of turning a corner yet. As much as I love Disneyland it is definitely not worth going until they clean this place up. I had no idea they have been having problems for months with flu and measles. At the very least they should post a big warning at the front gate so visitors can take extra precautions if they choose to go in. Believe me, I have been so sick it is not worth it!! Usually I would give a rating of 5 but right now I would give them a 0. My rating of 1 is only because that is as low as trip advisor will let you rate. I cannot find any reports from Disneyland itself about this huge problem. They need to inform the public of what's happening within those happy walls and of how they are combatting it. Take my advise. I can't stress it enough, you don't want whatever it is I have and I'm positive I got it in either Disneyland or California Adventure!!!We re entered the park around 9pm for the fireworks. Afterward they had the entire street and one side walk roped off for people leaving the park. People entering only had the right sidewalk (Lincoln Memorial Side) and it just wasn't enough room. Once we got to the middle section near the castle all hell broke loose. We had our 6 month old in the stoller and our two year old riding but standing on an attachment board. My wife and I were walking. People were walking in all directions and were acting very rude. Nobody said excuse me, etc. Many people cut infront of my stroller, etc. When we finally cut across to Adventureland near the tiki room and were headed to New Orleans square things just stopped all together. I guess people were lining up for the Fantasmic Show, but I just wanted to take my boy to the Pirates of the Carribean and the Haunted House. This was nearly impossible and I began to loose my patience. Later after we disembarked from the Pirates of the Carribean, they had my stroller roped off for the Fantasmic and told me I would have to wait 45 minutes to have access to my stoller? REALLY? This is when I decided to just act like all of the other nutballs and I just went over the bridge and around next to the restaurant and grabbed my stroller. We bought some popcorn and avoid the crazy crowds by cutting though the park by the train near the haunted house. We then went on the trainride and the haunted house. After the fantasmic crowd left we had Disneyland to ourselves. We lost at least an hour do to the poor crowd control employed by Disneyland. Please send us some more tickets!Went to D land on a Wednesday in March hoping it wouldn't be crowded. Hadn't seen the park in over 15 years. It was almost standing room only on Main Street. Calfornina Adventure's BEST ride, Soaring Over California was closed for refurbishing. The Mattorhorn in Disneyland was closed for refurbishing. My wonderful memory of the Carousel of Progress is now a hike up a two story ramp into multiple rooms of corporate sponsored advertising. Overall, total bust for me. I don't think this is what Walt Disney had in mind.I used to love Disneyland however this place has gone downhill. I must know because we go here every year for the past 5 years and this was the worse of them all. Garbage not picked up which is so not like Disneyland. The food and service at their vendors have all gone downhill. Even the people frequenting this place are questionable. Not worth the time, money and agravation. Manh rides are always closed for mmaintenance so you do not get your money's worth.No more Disneyland for us!!!We recently visited Disneyland for the day and it was the worst decision of my life. So many attractions were closed, the wait times all 45 , so crowded and I just don't think it had the Disney vibe. No characters were out for the kids to take pictures with (only in the parade) which was a huge thing for me. It's just a waste of money and I would prefer to spend my money and time on better experiences. We did not visit the adventure park so i would not know about that, but  disnayland California  was the most disapointing experience of our LA vacation. Everyhing seemed so worn out and the park itself is quite small. Apart from Pirates of the Caribian and Mystery Mansion (which was ok) the main attraction is a Starwars simulator, which dont compare at all to what you will find at Universal Studios 3d simulators. The park does not compare to Eurodisnay (which is great) our own (Denmark's) Tivoli or EuropaPark. The latter is the greatest park i have ever attended. Save your money and stay away from this disapointing last Century theme park.There were 9 attractions closed while I was there.  Thus, all the other attractions were really lined up.  Plus the park closed at 8 pm, making less time, less attractions for the same amount of money.  The bathrooms were dirty.Sad. . . . Really Disney??? I read and updated myself before coming to Disneyland on disability services. My last visit was 10 years ago. This was to be my first visit using a scooter. (I can't walk long distances or stand for long periods) and, to Celebrate my granddaughters second birthday. I did what was advised, went to city hall and was met with,  What is your PROBLEM today?  From there, it just got worse. These are just the highlights of what I encountered throughout my one day visit. I am saddened that I was met with cast members who spoke to me like I was a child! I had a party of two adults (me  53yrs old, my daughter 22yrs old and one 2 year old) I have a positive attitude, am courteous, educated, speak well and pride myself on my communication skills. My  simple  question was met with  scolding  tones. I asked the Indiana Jones Ride attendant for procedures and was told,  If YOU are going to ride then . . . I was confused by his tone. Yes, I was the rider. I had help (my daughter) to transfer, but, we also had a two year old who couldn't ride, so tell me what we need to do . . . It became such a production, I left and didn't ride. I was invisible to the store clerks in Frontierland who was more involved with their profit sharing conversation and displeasure with the disney company to notice I needed help. I was walked along the whole perimeter of the Blue Bayou restaurant, when I could have easily been taken a shorter way. (I was told it was  company policy ) I found it insulting the host didn't even wait for me to arrive at the table. They show more care at IHOP. Andy, the manager (who was very apologetic and sweet) gave me a fast pass for Peter Pan to turn my bad experience around, but I really should have left. Blue Bayou was my kids  Treat  meal, I wanted to continue the tradition with my granddaughter, but for a restaurant that boasts excellent food and service that first encounter taught me, you can't relive your past. Disney, the icing on the cake was Fantasmic. I did everything I was supposed to. Got my fastpass early. Yellow section to boot. I checked at 5p with the yellow jacket personnel on where to line up and was told,  You line up here at 630p, not at 615p, not at 625p, but 630pm  Really? So i guess the 50  people who were there at 615p wasn't as fortunate as me to get her memo. BUT that most demeaning, degrading and icing on my cake of disappointment was the attendant who directed me back to the  Handicapped  section, and seated me directly in front of the lamp post. When I tired to explain that my view was being blocked, he cut me off and pretty much told me, he had more people to concern himself with. I spoke with manager after that. Disney, you broke me. Disappointed me. Made me feel like I was a bad child and punished me for being in a scooter. I held my tongue and disappointment for my daughter and granddaughter's sake, but I did the research! I followed the rules!!! We came during  off peak  season, as not to battle the crowds. we paid the same admission price for shorter park hours, but that was the trade off. My sacrifices were for nothing. I will be back, but the next time I will be better prepared, grow a tougher skin, fend for myself and tell everyone I know, my beloved Disney sees you through different eyes when you are on wheels. Even my letter of  concern  was met with a FORM letter of apology and a sincerely worded phone call apology, and then I'm sure was promptly filed in the trash can. Did it get to tghose who could make a difference? Highly doubt it. Even Sadder.Like California Adventure, Disneyland Park had far too many top attractions closed. This included The Matterhorn, The Haunted House, Winnie the Pooh, Splash Mountain and others. Very disappointing to pay full price for tickets only to find so many rides closed. Pick up your game Disney. You disappointed us big time!It was my first time and I was extremely excited! We hired a car and in arrival was told we had to go to the Disneyland California park until 3 as the main disney park was full , this was for free and you paid the normal price for entry. We went in and there were queues immediately , for everything , rides , shops , toilets , cafes, even the hot dog stand which for something so small cost nearly $10 ! We went on 3 rides in the California park then gave up as it was 1hr 30   for everything , walking down the streets were so stressful as there were people everywhere , still we were feeling optimistic as we were now going over to the main disney park for (3.30pm) We hadn't seen many characters in the first park and thought this may be because they were in the main park , we went over and there were 3 characters at the entrance , I managed to get a photo with Snow White and then we were mobbed , over 50 people around us in minutes!! It was very claustrophobic and we left quickly , we went to space mountain ride as this looked the best , we queued for 2hrs 45mins in the dark and cold to be told it had broke 3 times and wasn't working , so we went to the ride next to it and were there for an hour , it was near to 7pm and we decided to leave , there were thousands of people in the park and it didn't feel safe at all. Before leaving we decided to complain at the main hall just before the exit , the man said the fire marshals control entry to the park , we insisted it was overcrowded and spoiled the park and he said that it was safe and they aren't letting any more in. We said we had hardly seen any characters and got in no rides in the main Disney park after aimlessly fighting queues for hours. We asked for a partial refund of our $96 dollars to be told there were no refunds allowed to anyone and that he could give us fast pass tickets to 3 rides each , we took him up on the offer, we still waited nearly 45 mins for each ride and 30 mins to get out as the streets were so packed we couldn't exit till it was safe , the staff were controlling where people go with ropes , (we felt like cattle) , we got on the 3 rides and left, getting back for 11.30pm. I can honestly say it was the biggest disappointment , there was no magic, only stress and money money money, they need to let less people in and make it magical rather than take as much money and cram as many people in as possible. I agree with another statement made on here , if Mr Wald Disney were to see this he would turn in his grave , shame on you Disney managers , shame on you!I am a pass holder who attends Disneyland often. It was always, a fun amusement park with a lot of magic. Since the recent ADA changes to the park the only magic that I experience is if I can get my electric scooter back to the car. Disney is under the incorrect impression that both parks are completely ADA compliant. Someone collecting a paycheck from Disney as an  ADA Professional  would best serve the Disney guests if he or she would return the unearned paychecks back to Disney. The parks are neither compliant nor easy to navigate either in a wheelchair, scooter or with a cane. The new ADA line system will never provide equal or fair access to any disabled guest. The new line system is discriminative and there is no proper procedure in place. Let me explain, there is no longer a guest assistance pass for the disabled. A disabled person is required to visit the customer care bldg at the front of the park to register verbally what the disability issue is. The cast member types into the computer the disability and places it within the guests ticket for that day or on the pass. The disabled person then is required to visit one of 4 booths within the Disneyland park to seek a 45 minute return pass for each and every ride. Think about this fact: you are disabled, probably not feeling as well as guests who do not suffer with a disability, you have to drive or push your wheelchair to a booth somewhere, get a return time and wait for 45 minutes, while feeling ill, to get on one ride. I was able to go on 3 rides in one day and in doing so my electric scooter died before I could return back to the parking structure to get to my car. Disney does not provide any electric wheelchair charging areas to facilitate the new line system that does not work! What did I do? I had my wife push me back to the parking structure.We waited for 30 minutes to even get a tram into the park because women took their baby strollers up onto the wheelchair ramp to get into the tram.The wheelchair ramp has an ISA for the disabled. Why does Disney staff allow strollers to take up wheelchair space?? A stroller must be empty and folded to even enter the tram. Why would the staff allow a stroller where it does not belong? POOR ADA TRAINING of the staff. Disney needs to get a real ADA trained Professional and make the two parks compliant and have proper policies, practices and procedures in place so the parks can be a safe and equal amusement park for all Disney guests and not just for the healthy.So, who dare to criticise the magic? Well, if you want to see a princess or Mickey Mouse, you gota make a liiinneeee; like for everything else including the toilettes. I naively assumed that there would be several Cinderella s ( kids would not notice; same as with many Santas in every mall) wandering around the park; NO! Actually the only princess I sow in 3 days was in a parade; where again I stood a line ... We did maximum 8 rides per day even with the Fast pass; since the rides had been braking in front of us; twice literally. I gently complained to staff   really gently since you can not be mad on people who make less then 9$ hour. I was told to complain at California chamber of Commerce. I understand that this overcrowded, overrated attraction can not be perfect, but some discount should apply. Frankly, they should not sell more tickets once the park is crowded; it is only a many machine not a magical place; you can hardly walk, so many people are there at once. oh, do not buy souvenirs there; get them at Wallmart for half the price or less. My 6 years old kids like it; so is done and we move to another   less crowd   adventure; )We visited on Monday 5th January 2015 with myself my husband ,our 5 children between ages of 4 & 14 two of which have special needs. It cost us $684 dollars to gain entry for the day. We were told before we the day of visit that due to us having children with special needs we would be able to get a pass to be able to book a time on a ride to go back at a later time, what they don't tell you is that you have to wait for that ride & ride it then book on another which left us unable to do anything for over an hour after every ride. It was a particularly hot day reaching over 80f & the park was way to overcrowded. The most distressing part was definitely after the fantasmic show not only do they sell everyone out to make you buy extra tickets to be able to see it but as we were trying to get out of that area with a wheelchair a special needs stroller & 3 other children it took us 45 mins to get back to Main Street . I am absolutely disgusted that this place has turned into a money printing factory instead of the happiest place on earth we had the worst time on earth Disneyland you should be ashamed & sir Walt will most definitely be turning in his grave We have been going to Disneyland for over 50 years. We have passes and have gone at least 10 times over the year. I don't care when you go, what day, what time, it's going to be crowded! I haven't tried the rainy days, but don't plan to either. Yesterday, a Tuesday, it was, once again, unbearable. A 45 minutes wait for Jungle Cruise! That same wait, or longer, for Small World. Parking raised (Again!) to $17. My observation over the past few decades is that too many passes have been issued; too many rides are broken down; Plain food has a gourmet price tagged to it; and an average family can barely afford to go at all! It's plain and simple; Disneyland is geared to profit making on virtually every single event or product it offers.. Everything is tied completely to a profit magin of huge proportions and entertainment is only a sidebar. Disneyland had a great history and a true legend with it's creator Walt Disney. Slowly but surely they are fading away Walt's name and trying to create just  Disney . Most movie releases have only Disney in the logo; no more Walt. It's the sure sign that the genius and human touch of Walt is being replaced by a huge corporation that is riding on the history of Walt Disney, while at the same time dismissing the man and his honor and integrity. We won't be renewing our annual pass this time. Why pay hundreds of dollars to be hearded around a cement pasture like cattle?We have passes and have visited and rated the park earlier, and have tried to be nice about it. The last 2 times we were there the park was so OVER CROWDED that we felt UNSAFE. When you cannot move to leave, or to walk, it's unsafe. People were everywhere, and just to get out of the park took us over 45 minutes and we only had to walk from the castle to the exit.  We wanted to see the Christmas decorations too, but it was impossible.  We chose to walk to the parking area, because the wait for the trams were almost an hour, and it was no where near closing time.  The first thing you smell as you walk thru the tunnel into the park, is the sewer. Actually, through most of the park, that is the smell.  Even tho we have passes, we won't be visiting again for a long time. It's just not worth the stress and the time.4 hours wait and they said that this is the happy place ??? No for me and my kids.Btw when I found one place to sit ( floor) they removed me because   safety   What about my legs after standing 4 hours ???? Will never come back again.Our expectations were not that high, but we were sorely disappointed. At almost $100 person for tickets, three grandparents, two aunts, two parents and a 3.5 year old arrived at the parking lot at 10am to enjoy a memorable day, as we are rarely all together. It was December 29th, so we expected crowds and were patient and jovial until the Disney staff managing the line for tickets tells us that we won't get into the park until late afternoon; he can't (is not allowed) to tell us when. Waiting an hour to find out how many hours we would wait to get into Disneyland was frustrating enough, but his attitude was belligerent and unhelpful. He did tell us we would be given entrance to a back up park co located and Disney owned next door for the same price as the Disneyland ticket. We finally got into Disneyland when it was dark and cold at 5:30pm when we should have been heading home. Meanwhile (adult) friends bought tickets on their phones hours after we did and were admitted immediately. This is just unfair, and not what the 'happiest place on earth' should practice. We tried talking patiently to three supervisors, but they were teflon automatons who spoke a few pat lines about 'it was our choice' to come to the park. As a family with one under 5 and 3 over 65, we dropped $1000 on the B park we never wanted to go to, with a few hours in the dark at D land. Of course we could have planned months ahead and bought tix online too, but we never thought that a place like this would discriminate against paying customers on the ground over prospective ones online or en route. Greedy. Nasty. The movies are preferable to the place. Never again.My son wanted to go to disneyland for his birthdsay (Christmas time). Bought three day hoppers for my kids and I. Went in the first day I bought tickets, place was swarmed like never before. We decide to use the fast track passes and one ticket was not working. Asked 4 different workers and they kept sending me to someone else. Went and stood in line for an hour at guest services on a windy day only to be told I had to go to the front entrance and get my ticket scanned. I went to 4 more different entrance booths and they kept sending me to the next one until I got clearly upset then someone scanned it...it was never scanned at park entrance.Now that we wasted a couple of hours walking from the end of the park to the front and stood in line for an hour only for the buck to be passed around, my son started having trouble with his asthma so we left to the hotel.Unfortunately it was super windy and my son's asthma got worse I called Disneyland several times to explain my son's health issue and to see how or what I needed to do to get the other two days refunded since I couldn't take my son outdoors. All four different times I called every single representative was extremely rude and could care less about my situation. They kept telling me my tickets are not refundable. That is $507.00 extra in two days that we cannot use. They didn't care. They pointed out that it was stated on the tickets they are not refundable. No one has the opportunity to read your policy on your tickets until they are purchased which is then too late. They pointed out that I had 13 days to use them. we extended out hotel stay a couple more days to see if my son's breathing problems would get better costing me more in lodging, mind you it's Christmas time (not cheap season). I was told  well you can come back withing the 13 days  I told them I lived in San Francisco not exactly around the corner. They stuck to their cold monotone rude voice and kept saying  well they are not refundable  I wasted $795.00 on two hours at Disneyland. We usually go to Disneyland twice a year, they lost my business for good for their greed and lack of empathy.Worst customer service experience I've encountered in a long while. Disneyland is not what it used to be. Its all commercialized. Plus nothing special for Christmas which was the reason why my kids wanted to visit during x mas time.Disneyland has a disgusting policy of misdirection concerning it's rules on their disability assistance pass. Instead of verifying each visitors individual situation or even handing out a pamphlet on their ruled, they use passive aggressive psycops on the disabled such as: Each customer service rep giving a different interpretation of the policy which intentionally serves to confuse people into giving up. Also in each section the method for acquiring disability passes changes inexplicably. The younger employees usually give in but the older ones are trained con artists using dime store psychology on vulnerable people. SHAME ON DISNEYMy family has been big fans of Disney for a long time. We have vacationed at Walt Disney World in Orlando many times. However I feel that I cannot truly express my deep disappointment in Disneyland strongly enough. I wish I could give them zero stars. I believe this park is a detriment to the Disney Brand. We visited on December 29, 2014. The experience began with horrendous traffic and an infrastructure that was not built to handle the crowd heading to the park. Inside the park it was dangerously overcrowded. I truly feel that there is a safety issue for families with small children. We were seperated from each other more than a couple of times, as it was impossible to stay together in the extremely overcrowded conditions. Fortunately we did not have small children to keep track of. The lines were also unacceptably long, not only for the rides but to use the restroom as well. The wait times for some rides were over two hours. I am glad I was not there with a young child who would have been looking forward to visiting Disney. The disappointment would have been crushing. It made me very sad to see young families trying to make the best of their visit and trying to console crying children. Until this visit I had always believed Disney was all about giving everyone a truly wonderful experience. I guess I was just drinking the Kool Aid. My opinion of this company is very damaged. To anyone thinking of visiting Disneyland I would most strongly recommend that you look into Walt Disney World in Orlando. They still have the magic. However I would avoid Disneyland in California. There is no magic there, only disappointment.You have to wonder when profit comes before service. We spent two days at the two parks. Yesterday you could barely move in Disneyland. Some queues were 150 min wait and fast passes for most rides were finished by midday. Our family of 5 only went on a few rides and then left in disgust. This morning we got there at opening (8am) in order to make the most of it. Whilst the crowds were a little better, we still didn't get to do all the rides and left at 5pm. Pretty disappointing when you consider our kids are young teenagers so only a few rides appeal to them. Trying to get the ART back to our hotel was a nightmare. This was the worst of the three theme parks we visited this holiday. We will never return here during holiday time (if at all).Having just been married and honeymooned in Hawaii, I could think of no better place than Disneyland to take my new bride on our trip back home. Boy was I wrong.... 1. Attractions  severely outdated. Where is the investment?2. Long queues morning, afternoon, and evening? Typically between 1 and 4 or at least after 6 the crowds die down. Not anymore. 3. Hour wait for restaurants at off peak times? 4. Poor poor crowd control. I mean EVERYWHERE IN THE PARK! 5. Fire escapes with massive queues? Forget about it.... 6. Food options  severely poor. Want to eat healthy? Leave the park 7. Massive queues for toilets. Both male and female!Planning wouldn't have helped you! You can plan around crowds regardless of getting fast passes. Crowds everywhere who walk like zombies and you can't move. NO SPACE TO WALK OR SIT AND HAVE LUNCH! Really Disney you shouldn't have let soooooooo many people into a crammed and packed environment. My Wife and I had the worst experience and vowed to never return. This was her first and last. Save your cash and head to Universal Studios instead. They know crowd control. Get a VIP pass while you're at it and save yourself the headaches. DISNEY is oversold and overrated. Relentless noise, unending crowds, hours of waiting in line, incessant omnipresent Disney theme music. There are few places on planet earth where $96 a head can be better wasted in such spectacular fashion. If you're a sucker for mickey mouse and can manage to scrape together their ransom, Disney wants you.We will be visiting Disneyland in December January for my husbands Big Birthday so I wanted to make it special by ordering him a cake to be sent to a restaurant. I called the (non 1 800 number on their website (714) 781 DINE) to order the cake. I spoke to a young guy and right from the get go he seemed dazed and confused about what should have been a simple transaction. It was about a 30 minute conversation to try to order a very simple cake. I had already waited on hold (long distance) for 45 mins to get through only to have more issues with order. He took all of my information including hotel, name, confirmation   AND my credit card information. He said he would then send me a confirmation email. Well I never did receive an email. I waited two weeks and called back. Same problem again, waited on hold for 30 minutes when finally someone picked up. I went through my whole issue with her and she seemed just as confused. She put me on hold about 6 times for minimum 5 6 minutes while she consulted with someone else. Finally she says there is no record of my order but she will follow through and speak to the hotel and bakery etc and call me back that same day. Surprise, NO call back. Who hires these people??? Why do they all seem to be brand new with no training?? Soooooo frustrating. So third time is the charm, NOT. I call back again today to try to track this order. I spoke to Anita today and the first thing she said was that they don't place orders for hotel delivery that I have to go through the hotel directly...What?? why didn't the first two reps tell me this?? Needless to say I have cancelled the order (that didn't seem to exist) and I will not be doing business with Disney dining anytime soon. I have booked a restaurant from their website but it wouldn't let me make changes to it, I had to call back again (no 1 800 ) to make a simple time change.You would think a company this big would have the best customer service in the world. They don't even have a  feedback  link on their website to email. They really need to go in and clean up their website and make it more user friendly (very confusing in some areas). Another simple solution to placing cake orders is to have an online link to do this yourself. Take out the agent all together then there is NO ROOM for error. COME ON DISNEYLAND, catch up with the times and get a website designer to fix these issues. And get a 1 800 number for your customers.This is a repeat visit to Disney land after many years (years required years of alcohol abuse one year since the previous pain of queuing for hours seared my synapses). LOL10 am Nov 25 2014the first queue: to catch a trolley from the parking lot to the parkthe 2nd queue: to get to the security check pointthe 3rd queue: to buy tickets (no discount for the elderly, only for kids 9 & less)the 4th queue: to enter the turnstilesthe 5th queue: to catch the trainthe 6th queue: to buy lunchthe 7th queue: to take a popular ride (1 hour on a Monday) not counting ride maintenance downtime of 30 minutes for Matterhorn   this was a 2 minute thrill.the 8th queue: to take a second popuar ride also about 30 45 minutes for a 5 minute thrillthe 9th queue: to catch the trainthe 10th queue: to catch the monorailthe 11th queue: to catch the monorail back to the park (there was a parade we missed because the first monorail train was full)the 12th queue: to catch the train at sunsetthe 13th queue: to catch the trolley to the parking lot.That's poor use of people's time, the rides are too short duration for the queue time duration put in, the cost seems rather high, since there were no famous characters visible walking in some sectors of the park at all! The only toons we saw were in the Fantasy Theater show which we jumped a train ride to visit when we heard it would start in 5 minutes, it had vacant seats and NO QUEUE but no close photo opps!!This was my family first trip to Disney Land and it was bad and disappointing to my us. The rides are old and not suitable for teenage kids. Also because there are so few rides are activities for older kids the lines are long. Long lines during the month of November! We arrived at 10:45am and was gone by 12:00pm. It was a wast of money and time.My Disabled daughter wanted to go to Disney on her 9th birthday, which was yesterday. and so we stood in line to get her Disneyland disability access service pass, I opened my purse to get her pass out and Sarah saw an old pass in my purse from last year which I kept because it had my Daughters Photo on it.after giving sarah the new pass she said (I saw the other pass in your purse and you can't keep that!) she said it very harsh and mean, and the affect it had on my daughter's face, really hurt my feeling's.Angela, was dressed like a disney princess, and it was her 9th birthday and she could even sleep the night before for excitement of going to Disney for her birthday, and the first stop we make after arriving in the park was to the chamber of commerce, and a blonde named sarah, hurt's my daughter's feeling's by taking her old photo and throwing it in the trash in front of her.this makes me feel sick to my stomach when I think about it, she then said it was her rules, but I told her that I was upset and didn't like the way she made my daughter feel about it, she should have cut the photo out for me, but instead she said after throwing my daughter's photo away that it (made her feel better!) she was (happy to ruin my daughter's birthday)this hurt our heart and made the both of us cry.A while ago I posted that Disneyland discriminates against the physically handicapped by inviting them to pay to rent a wheelchair but will give out disability access passes to the cognitively challenged. NO FAIR. While discussing this with a friend who's child is cognitively challenged, I found out just how egregious this practice truly is. My friend was required to provide the child's medical records in order to receive the pass. That breaks HIPPA laws regarding the right to privacy!Disneyland has outlived its usefulness. We went there this morning and ended up turning around and going back home. It was 10:00 am Sunday morning. We currently have Premium level annual passports and definitely will not renew them. The hassle of getting there through the thousands of cars, getting shuffled out to park in the boondocks, waiting to get on a shuttle, standing in line once you get to the park to get in, and then standing in line all day for the attractions. Then there is the aggravation and overpricing for the mediocre food. I've had it!Disneyland is way too crowded. They need to revoke all the millions of annual passes. I went in September and it looked more like a ghetto playground where parents drop their kids off to be babysat. I was so disappointed and have told everyone not to waste their money and go (I live in Oregon). You need to be a GD rocket scientist to manage crowds, wait times, and shows in the evenings. You'd think it was free after spending the day there. It's totally pathetic now. It had been about 10 years since I had last come and I recommend taking your kids to Hawaii for a family vacation. Check out some of the apps and see for yourself how big the crown index is. 100 thousand people in both parks by the afternoon. It's ridiculous!!!I grew up in Orange County, and Disneyland was a childhood icon of cleanliness, customer service and most of all Magic. I came with my grown kids and grandchildren and my grown daughter and I were shocked and saddened by so many things. The park is dirty and disorganized. The workers worn and wrinkled uniforms represented their tired and sour mood. And the attractions....so very sad. Small World has holes and tears in the ceiling with the insulation coming through!. The displays are dirty and warped in places. Many of the top rides were down, this is not a disappointing as when you finally do get on to one it is dilapidated! It was a sea of people being herded like cattle so you know the income is still there, so the question is what are they doing with the money? They are not using it for upkeep or employee training. I have to say also, I remember a Disneyland that had unique areas to experience different  magic  from around the world, this Disneyland was awash of airport style kiosks selling their tired overpriced wares. My grandchildren saw nothing of  Disneyland  this was a tawdry commercialized mimic or what we knew.Our family has been to Disneyland many times since 1995. We haven't been for seven years or so and what a disappointment it has become. We couldn't even enjoy the theme of the park because there were so many people you couldn't move. It was next to impossible to cross the street. Tower of Terror had only ONE elevator running. Indiana Jones malfunctioned and we sat in the dark for part of it. Disney's emphasis on multiple day tickets has ruined the enjoyment of the park. Is there no safety limit on how many people can be in the park at once? On our way out we heard a woman telling a Disney  castmember  it was  extremely unenjoyable  and he pointed for her to go complain at a certain place. Over $100 a day to ride less than ten rides. Pathetic.While the long lines at the park are famous, apparently horrible and rude service is a standard at the hotel too.Disneyland is a nightmare. It's old, outdated and crowded. We lined up 3 times for splash mountain, totalling 3 hours in total. It broke down as we got to the front of the line every single time. Perhaps it's time to retire the ride if not the theme park???I complained, and had to line up to do that. A JOKE. Hated the place, Will never ever go again.I'm telling you what. This was a major disappointment. Enormous crowds. So thick you can't walk anywhere. Kids are hungry by the time you make it from one spot to the next. I never saw Mickey Mouse. My stoller got taken. What you think Disneyland is, and what it really is, are way Differant. It's not for kids. It's a freak show for adults. No kid will like bring hauled around in a crowd all day from one long wait plus 2 minutes of ride to the next. It was cute and Disney has done a fabulous job with entertainment but, the crowds are outrageous. And we came at a  slow  time. Also, just FYI it is  gays days  on Oct 4th at Disney. The crowd consisted of every gay man and women from allll over. It wasn't anything I'd go to if you paid me and I feel taken that I actually paid to get in this place. Not magical at all. Ps, we did love cars land.This was an overpriced, run down, horror of a trip. It was the first theme park trip for my twins ever and it was a joke. First off, NEVER go to Disneyland on the day of the Halloween party night. They bussed full price patrons to off park secondary lots to park. It took us 45 minutes to get to the park. They made me break down a stroller with two two year olds in it. Strangers had to help me because the bus driver did nothing. We stood in line three times with out kids for photos with characters and each time, just before we got to them, they walked off and wranglers told us we were out of luck. The rides were boring, our kids could care less. The lockers were closed, the parking was blocked and the place was junky. If you have the choice, go to DisneyWORLD. This park is a shadow of it's former self, overpriced, run down and stuck up.The crowds were ridiculous. Plenty of attractions were closed for maintenance. My wife and I couldn't wait to get out of there. The food is averaged and typically overpriced.My husband and I took our son and his two children to Disneyland in April 2014. We are both seniors. Disney offers no senior discount. They charge full price for children 10 years and older. For five of us, 3 adults and 2 children, ages 6 and 11 , the entrance fee for 1 day was almost 500 dollars! This is not the worst of it. The lines for rides were so long that in 8 hours we only rode 3 rides! an average of $33.00 per ride! A few major rides were closed for  renovations.  Closed? Really? During Spring break!? One of the busiest times of the year? Not only were a few of the main attractions closed, but there was not notice of this until you walked a good distance to get to these  closed  rides. Then you discovered they were closed. We also stood in a 45 minute line for the safari boat ride only to be told they had to close the ride temporarily and please come back later! Really Disney, is this any way to run a theme park and maintain your reputation? The saying, I'm going to Disneyland  definitely has a new meaning for me and my family. Our trip to CA from Pennsylvania and Colorado with a visit to Disneyland as a main attraction was a total disappointment. Maybe instead of selling tickets to a countless number of people per day, Disney should limit the number of tickets sold so people could really enjoy the rides and what the park has to offer. Also, give reduced rates if rides are going to be closed for renovations. To spend 45  60 minutes in a line for a ride that takes 3 minutes is a total rip off, particularly when this ratio of time in line to time on ride is the rule, not the exception. Really Disney? Walt would be ashamed!Too much money, too many people at all times of the year. Having a day where you can get on the rides quickly is like spotting a unicorn; never happens. I get that they do what Disney does better than anybody else, and yes, your kids should experience it at least once ( over a two day period, because you will NEVER get on everything in one day, due to the long lines). My gripe is the every increasing entrance fee, exorbitant prices for mediocre food and the fact that I can't get to my car if I want to. Not easily, not on my own. I have to wait for a tram to take me to the hinterlands, whether it's in the structure or an outlying lot. My Disney days are done, my kids are over it too, they prefer Knotts and their next step will be Magic Mountain. The cast members in some instances were not friendly, nor was the service on rides, kiosks, or stores what we have become accustomed to at a Disney resort. If Walt Disney were alive and waking around his park, I think he would be alarmingly surprised. The parade and fireworks were wonderful as always. Toontown is in the sun almost all day and the wee ones couldn't ride anything because of the 100 degree heat. It was a waste of time to even walk over there. The train station on Main Street didn't have a ramp for strollers to get to the station requiring two people to carry the stroller upstairs. We couldn't find a handicapped ramp or elevator to get up there. Park hours have been reduced and ticketing prices have gone up, up, and away. Of course, this maximizes their profit and bottom line. We stayed at one of their hotels and the extra hour does no good because only a limited number of rides are open that extra hour. It is almost like they don't want you there anymore.I think I hate everything about this park now. It hasn   t happen all at once, but over many years. It is trite, played, and really nothing of value to see and do anymore. Overpriced kiddie rides. Formulated and sterile, there are no surprises or WOW factor. Food is marginal anywhere in the park. You   d think after 50 years they   d reinvent at least the food and have something good and upscale. Lines, lines, lines, lines and it   s hot, sticky, and unsanitary. For us there   s no Disney magic and I think a time for Disney to turn the page and throw in the towel. Maybe focus on virtual park? People ride in a virtual world online together as a simulator. Just need to add the Smell O Rama device to any PC for urine, greasy cheeseburger and burning oil from the go kart rides. Disney will not get another cent from me and my family.I visited on August 23, 2014. Half the rides where broken or  temporarily out of service due to mechanical malfunctions . The worst part if you are waiting in line and the ride happens to malfunction you are asked to leave or wait 45 minutes for them to fix the ride. Note the wait time to board the ride is 45 minutes so if it malfunctions you will have to wait another 45 minutes or come back and wait again. The submarine was closed down till fall of 2014. Wait time was approx. 45   60 minutes for a 2 minute ride. I was called sir by an employee who didn't even bother to correct himself or apologize. Worst experience would rather spend $192 I wasted at another park.OK, taking on the Mt Everest of theme parks.. we just got back after an August 18, 2014 Monday visit..we drove down from the SF Bay area..Buy a multi day ticket.. BEWARE they now INSIST on taking your picture and demanding that you sign your ticket.. what the heck..??? I said no, the Nazi Disney ticket taker told me if I dont like it go back to the ticket booth and return my ticket.. he then called a manager who was much nicer and tried to tell me that it was for my benefit if I lost my ticket.. right.. So with parking, 2 adults and 4 year old child $300... check.. Pirates of the Caribbean  No warning that Pirates is now pretty scary for 4 year olds..  Dead men tell no tales .a recurring them... (I have been on that ride at least 6 times over the years and dont recall it being as scary..)No Fastpass for Pirates of the Caribbean.. wait 45 minutes ON A MONDAY.. OK it was around 1 PM... check..Fastpass for the Raiders Ride was xlnt.Stand in the early afternoon sun in 90 degree heat with zero shade or misting system for Small World..on a positive the wait was only 30 minutes or people would start dropping.. you mean after all these years no one has figured out that it gets pretty hot in the summer in Anaheim? No shade offered???Wait for the Disneyland train and watch bozos cut in front of you.. not just one.. but at least it had seats and was in the shade..Incredibly crowded.. people all over your butt.. bumping into you.. how crowded??, the parking lots were filled or closed by noon and we were directed to park in an adjoining mall bowling alley parking structure.. there was a shuttle..BEWARE  2.. if you drive they are doing major construction on Interstate 5 within a few miles of the park and you will pay for that in time wasted sitting in heavy traffic.I have enjoyed the park in other years.. but my advice AVOID this place in the summer and wait until they finish that freeway renovation.. Oh even my kid told me he doesnt want to go back again  ever Dad .on my sons make a wish trip ,we were treated worse at Disney then any other place we visited. we were suppose 2 get vip treatment,instead we were treated very poorly. we arrived early and were told our room was not ready yet,,but would be put on a priority 2 get it ready so we could check in early,and they would call us as soon as it was ready.normal check in time was 3pm ,nobody ever called us .so we went back 2 check in at 4. we wee told our room was ready. at 5 they finally called 2 say our room was ready,that we were already in.When we went 2 the park one of the rides broke down and we were stuck on it 4 over a hour in 90 degree heat,my son started getting sick, so I got him off the ride myself. after getting off we were told 2 get back on till they fixed the ride,I refused 4 my sons safety ,his body does not regulate heat properly, they were mad. I went 2 guest relations 2 complain,they offered us vip seats 2 a play,my son was sick and did not want 2 go 2 it. I asked if they they could do anything else instead like a free meal or a gift card 2 spend in the park, they refused and said there was nothing else they could do.I don't belive a multi billon dollar business could not do anything else they just did not care! I will never buy anything Disney related agin.I have been going to Disney for 40 years. This was the worst visit ever. I have never ever seen so many people packed in. I realize it was summertime but I seriously wonder if they were beyond a safe capacity. It was impossible to move. The lines were ridiculously long for everything   even with fast pass. I will never go there again   EVER! I felt the situation was not safe and I am not exaggerating!We went Disney July 23.24th. Prices keep going up food was the worst ever my kids wanted burgers so we went place called Diner. burger cold cheese not melted. i asked if they could melt cheese they said no hahah i had to laugh this is sopposed to be a happy place everybody was grumpy put me bad mood.waited over 2 hrs to go on cars it was broken..went back later broke again.Not worth $ 2.000 trip that what we spend tickets food hotel 2 days.We had a major concern with ride safety at Disneyland in California which they refused to address. Upon boarding California screaming rollercoaster, the safety restraint system was pushed down and caught my camera bag. The strap on my bag pulled accross my throat and started choking me at which time I started yelling to the ride operators to stop the ride. They clearly heard me but chose not to stop the ride. It was only because people in line started screaming that the ride operator came over and released the restraint system. While I appreciate that things can happen on the rides given the number of people that visit disney, I am disappointed at the response I received when I complained. No one seemed interested in addressing my concern. Disney would not take my name or phone number to follow up on my concern. They will not even provide a phone number to speak with someone regarding any concerns that you may have with the park. While I have enjoyed disney parks in the past we will not be returning based on the way they handled my concern. It was the first time that I visited Disneyland as a disabled person. The staff did their best to accomodate my needs. However, there is not enough disabled seating for either Fantasmic or the Fireworks show. I can't stand comfortably for more than 10 15 minutes. However The disabled pass worked great for me and my family.Just visited universal then to Disneyland  what a disappointment. Have boys age 13&14 and it was so lame for them. Disney world is so much better. Not enough f& b outlets  long lines! Rides are old, hokey  no fans or misters on 95F day. Hope California adventure is better tomorrow as I'mOut $450 bucks in tickets already. I was so exited to go on this trip. I arrived to the park with my 9 year old daughter and this was her birthday gift. She could not wait to get inside. When we got into the park Main Street was all she enjoyed. Every ride we tried to get on broke down. We waited on ALL of the main rides and they all had technical problems. 12 hours at this park and all I did was stand in lines for nothing and watched the parade fireworks. Awefull. Buyers beware. this was way too expensive and crowded each line was about 3 hours. I don not recommend this whatsoever...We have just visited Disneyland park in Anaheim (June'24, 2014). The first time we had visited this park was in 2002. So, more than 12 years passed. Nothing changed, only the price skyrocketed. The high price however did not change the park to a better one. No matter what time we go to this park I have the same sad experience of visiting the UNHAPPIEST place in the world. Each time, I give myself a promise to never come back. But, guests come and we have to go there and visit this so called California trademark. The place has so many parking places but not enough space for people. You can easily park your car, however it is impossible to park yourself within the park. People walk around the park as zombies from place to place hoping to get into a ride. However, the wait time to any ride is 90 minutes on average. There is no a single empty place to seat. There is no place to even stand in the shade. You just have to walk in circles with the feeling that you are like a crazy animal in a zoo. Only, it is a zoo for humans for which you pay to be in. I strongly advise all of you reading this comment not to visit this park. Their so called  future world  actually lies somewhere 15 30 years in the past.We took our 6 year old son to Disneyland (his first time) expecting it to be a magical experience for us all; unfortunately it was anything but magical. We planned and paid for our June trip in January, unaware that June 17 19 was the worst possible time to go. Upon our arrival the first day, we noticed an inordinate number of people...the lines to the rides were 45 minutes to over an hour, although the posted  wait time  was often only 5, 15, or 20 minutes. After the first 2 rides, we asked a Disney  cast member  about the long wait times and seriously large crowd, and she explained to us that this was due to the  day pass  holders trying to get in their last visit(s) before the passes expired...and she added that it would be better for us to come back but not on the 19th because that was  senior day  when all the 2014 grads would be there and it would be even worse. But, we were from out of town and had hotel rooms only through the 19th, so we were stuck. Since we had  fast passes,  we were naively optimistic in thinking that wait times for the 6 rides for which  fast passes  were available would not be an issue since the  fast pass  allows riders to return at an appointed time  with LITTLE or NO wait.  To me, NO waiting means that the riders would pass through the entrance to the ride and walk directly up to the loading area and LITTLE waiting would mean riders would enter and walk up toward the loading area, getting close enough to see people loading and would wait for only a few minutes before being placed on the loading platform or in a seat. Apparently this is not what  fast passes  do. Riders with fast passes approach the entrance to the ride where they may or may not enter immediately...once fast pass riders enter they may walk only a few feet or a few yards, stop and wait... then they eventually make it to the point where they give the fast pass to a Disney  cast member  who will often make them wait before continuing. After this, riders continue toward the loading area where they will again wait before finally loading. Granted, the entire  fast pass  process was faster than what the regular riders endured; however, it was not  LITTLE or NO wait.  We did get lucky on one of our fast passes for Star Tours and waited 14 minutes while the posted wait time was 20 minutes (but it was really close to twice that), but we still waited 70% of the posted time, which I do not consider a  LITTLE  wait. The remainder of our 3 day trip was spent waiting in long lines while watching people cut to join friends and family who had been saving them spots, dodging inconsiderate or inattentive park guests and their stroller wheels as we made our way from ride to ride like salmon swimming upstream, witnessing people enter through exits and then hop the rope railing, and watching rides depart with anywhere from 1 to 4 empty seats time and time again. The one and only time we rode the Matterhorn during our 3 days, we counted enough empty seats in 5 consecutive rides, that an entire ride was wasted. That kind of inefficiency only infuriates people who are trying to wait patiently and enjoy a long awaited vacation in the  magical kingdom . As far as  senior day  goes, it WAS worse. Huge hoards of seniors travelled en masse throughout the park, oftentimes stopping abruptly for no apparent reason and blocking the thoroughfare. They were bay far the worst for line cutting and exit entering. (But we also saw plenty of adults  with their children doing the same.) When we told them not to cut because it wasn't fair to all of us who had been waiting following the rules, they would either glare, ignore, or roll their eyes at us, call us jerks, or try to intimidate us into backing down by puffing up their chest, planting their feet, and staring. When we brought it to the attention of the Disney  cast members  that all this was going on, we were told that they (Disneyland) were doing all they could do to ensure an enjoyable experience for everyone, but that it was hard to catch offenders in the act because there just wasn't enough security to monitor every ride, adding they too did not approve of  senior day  because of the unruly graduates and that the only way to change the situation was to make a formal complaint at Disney's City Hall. So that's what we did. While our complaint was acknowledged and filed, we were politely informed that senior day happens every year and the date is posted on the website, but not as far in advance as January when we made our vacation plans. We, as older parents, have visited Disneyland countless times (as children, teens, and adults,) yet we have never once experienced anything as disappointing as we did on this last trip. Luckily our son didn't know any better since this was his first experience at Disneyland; however he did remark that during our 6 days at Lagoon in Salt Lake City the wait time for rides was basically nonexistent in comparison. We will return to Disneyland, but we will make sure it is well before day passes expire, California schools are out for the summer, and seniors get their  special day  at the park.I brought my (3) kids (8,6,4) to Disneyland over spring break in late March 2014. I hated it. The kids hated it. The lines were 75  minutes per each ride (we rode 4 rides in 2 days). It was TOO crowded. Disney needs to limit the amount of people they let in each day. Kids and parents will not wait in lines that long. I am a well traveled mom and I did not see (1) happy parent and I saw a lot of people. It was not fun. Also if you have (3) kids under 14 here is the rule:(2) kids under the age of 14 cannot ride together on ANY RIDE.So 1 rode the rides with my 4 year old son. My 2 daughters could not ride together, so I had to ask strangers in line (who were older then 14) to ride with my daughters. It was awful!!! I will NEVER go to Disneyland again and my kids never want to go back.We planned our magical disney vacation with our 3 grandchildren 8,6, and 3 years 9 months ago. We chose to go the beginning of May as spring break was over, school still in session and we wanted less crowds. We were giddy with excitement when that time came but alas, it was not to be. Upon entering the park a small sign informed us that 7 of the attractions would not be working during the three days we were there, 5 of them were major! They had to get them in ship shape condition for the summer crowds...really, 7 rides at once? We paid just as much as someone visiting in the summer but received far less. Probably the worst thing was the  Magic Morning . We anticipated no lines for one hour before the park opened to the general public. Well, everyone else had magic morning passes too it seemed and to our horror, all early morning customers were funneled into Fantasy Land as the rest of the park was closed. The crowds were crushing! We stood in line 40 minutes for Peter Pan, but when it was almost our turn they suddenly shut the ride down due to technical difficulties! Our  magic morning  turned into a  miserable morning . We then went to adventure land and waited for 15 minutes for them to open the gates so we could be first in line to ride Big Thunder Mountain, then we dashed over only to find it was closed due to technical difficulties! This went on and on all day long and we only rode 5 rides and we were there from 8:30 am till 8:00 at night! The whole day was a joke, so disappointing. We expected the joy and magic we felt as children, and when we took our own young children. I can't believe Disney treated us as they did, we felt scammed and ripped off and next time we want to bond and enjoy our grandchildren in a magical place we will rent a beach house. We never want to go back!Visited 21 5 2014. This park is a joke, three main rides were closed in one park and one in the other and two broken which means the huge crowds made for 2 hour wait times. At $150 for a one day hopper this turned out to be an expensive crowded walk. Google Disneyland to see what a shameful joke this place is, oh...$17 to park a car. I have been to Disney Florida for 29 years so I am not naive about wait times, this park is a disgrace.I have no doubt that Disneyland was going off, circa 1982. But it has not kept pace with the times and it is just sad, dingy, shabby and rundown. And a total waste of money.I had a few laughs, but at one point the big rides (the ones for adults) ALL shut down except for space mountain with no indication when they'd reopen, plus a bunch like pirates of the Caribbean and finding nemo were closed all day. It was quite bizarre.What they need is wifi access, more signage in general, electronic signage letting you know what is open, ride wait times etc   all the things that people these days expect.But more importantly it was just the overall dinginess that was the biggest disappointment  happiest place on earth and magical is just a marketing ploy   an excellent one they do brilliantly. The reality is just old, dated rides that looked shabby and 80s. Even the staff in their awful uniforms looked like someone from the 80s trying to look 50s.Unless you have young kids, and I mean age ten tops, don't bother. It is just sad and overrated. Totally shocked at the good reviews this place gets. I think it just is one of those childhood fantasy places we all build up in our minds, and the reality is just awful.Save your money and go elsewhere!My husband and I, and our 24 year old daughter, spent a fortune for the two day park hopper. Yes, it had been 16 years since we had last visited,  the happiest place on earth,  but we did not expect how awful our experience would be. First, when I bought the tickets as part of staying at the Disneyland Hotel, the person on the phone should have told me that Friday, May 16th, was Grad Night. Thousands and thousands of unescorted 17 and 18 years olds filling every possible space on the entire property   misbehaving as only 17 and 17 year olds know how to misbehave. IT WAS A COMPLETE WASTE OF A WHOLE LOT OF MONEY THAT WE WORKED VERY HARD TO MAKE. Second, the park was filthy and the rides have not been cleaned in a long time. For example, the bar you would automatically hold during the ride on the Matahorn was so disgustingly dirty, we had no interest in holding the bard. Not surprisingly, we heard various people complaining as we exited the ride. Also, the bruises I got because I was not able to hold on were certainly not worth the experience. Third, it is so clear that Disney only cares about making money. Several of the rides were closed and others had a 90 MINUTE WAIT. Nonetheless, they have no limit to the number of people they allow into the park so at times, you can barely breath because of the number of people around you. Fourth, many of the so called  cast members  are clearly unhappy with their jobs. I don't blame them, actually, when there are thousands and thousands of people running from ride to ride desperate to get a least a little bang for their buck. I could go on and on, but I won't. I highly encourage each and every one reading this that they spend their money elsewhere. I also suggest that Disney management spend the day at the park with someone like me. It won't be me because I do not have the resources to waste another $550. Walt Disney would be rolling over in his grave if he knew how poorly treated the  guests  are at the park. And for what? To make a buck. Shame on you Disney. Shame on you.If you are going to Disneyland stay away from grad night . The park was at capacity and the grads were very rude of guests who paid full admission for the day into the park as well. Line jumping , yelling , drinking in line . It was out of control. Would not recommend this park in the week of may that has the grad night . We wasted 100.00 each for this day into the park .Any other business that lost half of its product would of closed, but not Disneyland! They shut down finding Nemo, Indiana jones, its a small world, Alice in wonder land, pirates of the Caribbean, grizzly run and the little mermaid rides and charged full price. Fastpass was a wait of 4 hours after you got a ticket on the few open rides and all the lame rides had long lines because half the park was closed! It was horrible, and more rides broke threw out the day! They would post 30 minute wait times and then let field trips and any overweight person on a raskel scooter cut to the front of the line making wait times 2x as long as posted! They closed half the rides and had every school in California schedule a field trip to make up for off season money losses! Mickey mouse is a thief..My husband and I just recently took our kids to Disneyland. We've been there in the past but my youngest boy hadn't. We'd planned this entire trip just to take him because he brought it to our attention that he'd never gone and he is 11. We have gone many times before and been very pleased but definitely NOT this time!! What a WASTE OF MONEY!! I'd read on recent reviews that the park had gone down hill but couldn't believe it because after all, this is  Disneyland! . I wish I would have listened. EVERY single one of the big rides were broken down except magic mountain and several rides broke while we were in line and had waited a long time. They claimed they are all under  safety maintenance  but ALL AT THE SAME TIME??? It was extremely disappointing and an expensive trip to get there and not be able to show our son how fun Disneyland can be. It appears it's under new ownership and they aren't putting money back into the park. They've also bumped up things you can purchase which made us feel like all they really care about now is how much money they can make in a day off you. I'm sorry but they don't have water mist things in the park like Magic mountain or many shade areas but our main complaint is that everything fun such as  Indiana Jones, BigThunder mountain train, It's a small world, Pirates of the Carribean, Matterhorn, you name it  OUT OF ORDER  and I heard it had been this way for a MONTH!! Yet they are still charging people the full amount and not telling us when we book our tickets online. WE FEEL VERY RIPPED OFF both money wise AND our son's first and probably LAST Disney trip.I have not been to Disneyland Resort for about 3 years. It was AWFUL. Several of the adult rides were not open during the early morning hour. They closed rides regularly, and they did not have them staffed to run both sides (only half the ride would be open) so the crowds were as bad as the summer months. I am a die hard disney fan and was so disappointed. I will not return to Disneyland Resort.Our experience began on a day that the park should have been empty.With so many rides down (piriats of the Caribbean, its a small world, finding nemo, Indiana Jones just to name a few), crowds every where, long waits, and the smell of dirty diapers, we will never go agian. At $368 $16 for parking for the family, I should have a guided tour by mickey himself. We payed $208 for 6 flags, and $178 for Knotts, a lot better deal as we got most of our rides, without crowds.Lots of rides were shut down due to renovations and the rides that were open kept closing due to technical problems. For example, I went to ride Splash Mountain and was in line 4 times before it was working long enough to get on finally. Way to many people for so many things to be going wrong. :( We spent $1200 on tickets and paid for plane tickets from Washington and Oregon to get to So. California, then paid $400 to rent a van for the week. What a disappointment and money wasted! The park was so crowded we could hardly move. We were there 5 1 2 hours and only got on four rides! There was a two hour wait for FastPass tickets! Five of the most popular rides were closed or broken down, and there was no one working on them. Why would they do maintenance on all of these rides at the same time during Spring Break anyway? We will never go to Disneyland again!Magic mornings don't mean anything anymore. You get in a hour early to find out that you only get half the park and out of those rides they didnt have the big rides open like space mountain. Most of the rides are out dated unlike universal. I brought 4 kids ages from 5 to 10 that all liked universal studios better than Disneyland . Will never come here again.Where to start... ok.. we arrived to where the Disneyland at 9 on the dot. The park opens at 9. and the parking lot for the park was closed.. not full.. just closed, so it took us 40 minutes to move up 1 block to turn around. Only to be forced to park at Downtown Disney then have to walk all the way to the park  no shuttle.. nothing. Then we had to wait in line to have a tiny purse that can only hold a camera checked for what seemed like half a day. Eventually made it in the park a bit past 11am. We go inside the park.. only to find out a bunch of the rides are closed! When we asked for directions or where the restroom was.. EVERY employee in the park had an attitude. I asked where I could find a map for the park and was told  outside . The bathrooms are so so so so old and dirty. There was zero control over the lines as well. People kept cutting the lines for EVERY ride!! It was crazy! I've been to many amusement parks and several times to Disneyworld and have NEVER had this issue! Also, there were no park photographers anywhere. At Disneyworld, they're everywhere! In Disneyland, we found 1. Ride operators.. super rude as well. The whole experience was pretty much ruined from the start. Not magical at all. I will 100% NEVER be going back again. I love Disneyworld Orlando and will be sticking to that in the future. OH.. and the food WAS. SO. NASTY. SO SO SO NASTY!!The way they run this is a joke! I took my kids here to get pictures with the princess so we stood in line for our turn. As we where waiting patiently for our turn about 20 little girls dressed like there favorite princess cut in the front of the line. I asked the employee, AKA Cast Member why was they aloud to cut in the line like that, and he said girls dressed like princesses get to go threw the line to have there pictures with the princesses first. How is that fare??? Is this what Disneyland has came to, is letting people cut in line and it's ok, they promote that! Wow!!! So They dress like the theme of the attraction and it's ok to take cuts, so I guess if I want to cut in line for the Haunted Mansion all I have to do is dress like a ghost, or Space Mountain dress like an Astronaut, or a cowboy for Big Thunder Mountain ect., and that's totally ok??? We will never stand in the line for Princess Fantasy Faire again!!!It was crowded. The only reason we went in was to see the Frozen Queen and Princess. It happened to be the most popular attraction. In the morning, they said they had 4 hour wait times   we went in the afternoon and the lady at the line acted like she was doing us a favor telling us it was just over 2 hours. I didn't mind waiting the 2 hours while my husband and toddler played, but some of the guest service folks were irritable and terse. In defense of Disney, we are not Disney fanatics. It's just not our dream vacation. We could have taken our entire family to hike the rainforest in Costa Rica for less money and wouldn't have to wait in line. We gave it a try and it was about as expected. We enjoyed the Character Breakfasts much more. Hi everyone my family and I went to disneyland california for Christmas...this was my children's Christmas present this year.....The happiest place on earth right?...Not for us......we went on Christmas weekend.....my daughter is 10 and my son is 7...this is all they wanted from Santa this year is to go there... so we planned our trip...we planned our trip through Disneyland and stayed at a neighbor resort   .... or trip was miserable.              For it to take all of our savings and extra financing just to go there..... and to drive 23 hours      ...it was horrible my kids were very sad...     .it was so busy we could not ride any rides...people were running in to us knocking my daughter over.....we could not see any of the shows or parades people were crowded everywhere... workers were very rude about standing were you could try to see...i guess it was a reserved spot, ....go figure........ just a heads up dont go durring a holiday they ruined our Christmas. .... I will never go again durring a holiday!!!!!! I also notified the   customer relations desk   of the   problems we were having they said next time dont plan durring a holiday .....well I kind of figured that much...they were no help at all....I rate this theme park very low... wish my family could have had fun for christmas...like all the commercials...it is supposed to be the happiest place on earth.. well not for us my kids they were very sad.....lines were like 3 to 4 hours long....we even paid extra for the park hopper tickets both parks were the same.....I guess that a theme park that large wont care about losing business for a family of 4 when they have so much business already..... I think thats wrong.. I have also notified the resort and no response. ..so I thought I would give everyone a heads up and tell our experience with the parks....This experience was terrible. The park is in disrepair, rides breaking down continuously.There are an unacceptable number of rides that are closed fro repairs also. There is no reason for this to happen when you are paying close to 100 per day just to enter the park.Restaurants are awful, prices are disgusting, customer service is non existent.You really get a chance to see all of the people who have 5 kids they can't afford when you attend this park, very low end clientelle. Would never return.This 1 hour of Magic if you are staying in the Disneyland Hotel should be called 1 hour of disapointment. You only get half the park...not the entire park ! Only some of the rides in the open section were operating. Once the entire park opened...it was packed...people EVERY WHERE...LINES for every thing ! This is no longer my kind of relaxing destination. If you are tired of being over charged...tired of crowds, and in need of a vacation...don't come here. Absolutely Terrible! Don't waste your money, they need to have some cap on the number of visitors allowed in on any particular day. The day we went there were so many people you could not move.We had to stand in queues to get on rides for over an hour for a 10 min ride. After standing for 4 hours for a couple of rides we had had enough and left in disgust.The food was expensive and terrible and you also had to wait first to get served and the wait for a table to sit at.DON'T BOTHER!!This is the third time in 6 months and I was not impressed. This time there were a lot of rides out of order. The monorail was always down when we tried to take it back to the Disneyland hotel. The Finding Nemo ride was down until Spring. It's a Small World was also not working during our week there. Alice and Wonderland went down and Splash Mountain went down while in line. For $250  a ticket these rides should be working. Now for the worst part it was my sons birthday and all he wanted was to see his friends, the characters. Daisy one of his favorites refused to sign his autograph book. She pointed to her wrist as if to say no time. We waited in line for 20  minutes to get a picture and an autograph and she had the nerve to turn down a two year old. I believe Mr. Disney would be upset by what a money hungry company this has turned into. What about the Happiest Place on Earth? Please do yourselves a favor and rethink using your money on Disneyland.Although we had a great time celebrating my baby granddaughter's 1st birthday on Sunday, January 26, most of us developed the Norovirus this week and were very sick. The baby was the first two days later to start the vomiting, fever, diarrhea and abdominal pain. Next, her mom and grandmother got it two more days later. We had lunch at Caf   Orleans and the baby had the apples and carrot sticks (something else with that menu item, maybe pasta). Anyway, we would like to see the resort do a better job of food safety. I had to go to Urgent Care yesterday to rehydrate with an IV. This is the virus that has affected several cruise ship passengers recently. When I called Disneyland to inform them of the incident, the operator put me through to Guest Experience and no one picked up the call. I will be calling the Health Department also.It was so over crowded that the dream did turn into a nightmare! one could not stand stil    keep mooving!  any staff member would shout! no kindness, no magic whatsoever! I would never ever go back on new years eve again. It was disrespectfull to people that pay a lot of money for the tickets, travel great distances and find themselves treated like cattle... or worse.What a terrible day! We were there from 10am to 8pm and managed to get on 3 rides! The queues were ridiculously long   the wait time for the Indiana Jones ride at 10.30am was 2 hours! The free pass system is a joke. We used it to bypass the queue for Indiana Jones and were given a time between 1pm and 2pm to return to ride. We couldn't then use the free pass again until half of that time had elapsed, so we couldn't prebook other rides until 11.30am! We eventually gave up in Adventureland, and went to the Star Wars ride which was top of my list. The actual wait time was 3.5 hours. When we tried the free pass, we were given a return time of 11pm that night! How utterly ridiculous! We eventually decided we would not allow Disney's greed to ruin our day   we would enjoy ourselves but without getting into anything which is what we did. We believe it is sheer greed to allow so many people in on one day. The queses were so long that they impeded access into other areas of the park. Queues for toilets, for food, even to buy a bottle of water at a vastly overpriced $3.00! We were chatting to a local who sympathized with us, saying that if she had paid full price for a ticket, paid flights and accommodation and then had to spend the day with a park full of grumpy, frustrated people, she'd also be highly peeved. NO ONE was having a great day out, that's for sure. I understand that the parks are busier during school holidays, but there is no excuse for what we experienced on 2 January. Very very disappointed. Thank heavens we didn't have small children with us.Have been going to Florida for thirty years for Disney World. I was raised on the best customer service, the friendliest people, the cleanest parks, the open spaces....then we decided to mix it up and come to California for the first time. I know it's the left coast, gang infested, a billion in debt, but I'm going to see Disneyland! What could go wrong? Man... The good? Well the Matterhorn macaroons were amazing! Fried green tomato sandwich was great.The bad? HORRIBLE customer service. They were at best, indifferent to guests. Very few people were friendly. I could go on and on, but just know this....if you have been to Disney World, skip Disneyland. I wish someone had warned me. YOU, HAVE BEEN WARNED! Haha... We arrive 12 31   1 3 in the park. At one point on New Year's Eve, the crowds were so great one literally could not move. The employees were moving people like cattle, roping off areas, yelling at guests. I needed to stop on a side line to catch my breath while figuring out how to simply leave the park to go back to the hotel (I couldn't handle the crowds anymore) and was screamed at by a Disney employee that I couldn't stop walking and was literally ordered to walk a direction opposite the main gate exit. I asked him to please escort me out to which he told me I continue in the opposite direction of the gate. In a word: pandemonium. Will I go back? Likely, yes but like in March or some off the wall month like that. Take my advice don't go at all during the Christmas or New Years holidays. Don't do it. You'll thank me! Learn from our mistake. We have been Disney supporters for many years. But each year they go up an incredible amount of money for their annual passes and Dailey ones too. Then you get there and every line is at least a 30 min wait and most are 45 or more. If you ride a really popular ride 11 2 to 2 hours. For the amount they charge to get in its really not worth it to only be able to ride 8 10 rides in a 12 hour period. I would suggest to lower the number of people let into the park to make it more bearable but Disney is far too greedy and might miss out on a few hundred thousand coke salesBeing born and raised in Southern California, I have been going to Disneyland my whole life. I am only writing this review and giving it one star because they need to get their act together and start selling only a certain number of tickets per day. The price of the ticket keeps going up every year and so do the crowds. So in the long run they are charging MORE for less because there is no way you are going to get a true Disneyland experience when you can barely move around the park! It turns it into a stressful, Hellish experience and the complete opposite of what Disney's reputation is supposed to uphold. This is also unfair for families who travel really far, from other countries, who spend thousands just to take their kids to Disneyland and then can't even enjoy what they paid for. It's unfortunate because DIsneyland is so popular, crowds will continue to pay the full price no matter what. And Disney knows this. It is so irritating. It is not as big of a deal for me who lives in Southern CA because the park is so close and we get Southern CA resident deals, but I would recommend people who are visiting from far away to avoid Major Holidays and try to visit on the off season to get a full Disneyland experience. I love Disneyland but have little desire to go back because overcrowding ruins it.My wife and I visited Disneyland on December 30th. The visit was more than a disappointment: it was traumatic. The reason is that Disneyland management does not regulate the number of visitors in the park. During our visit the park was so over crowded that the atmosphere was frightening. We entered around 11AM and by 1 the major rides had wait times exceeding 100 minutes. The problem isn't that Disneyland is poorly managed: it is the opposite. We encountered employees knocking themselves out to be helpful, the major rides were all working and the food was good. Of course, when we ordered a meal in one of the park's sit down restaurants we couldn't find a table. We actually put our tray on top of a trash can and ate on a bench in the sun. The women's restrooms had 10 15 minute lines and just getting from one ride to another was a frightening experience. There were so many pinched and unhappy faces in the crowd and many sobbing children. Our kids were actually ready to leave early: they were so disappointed. In the end we paid over $350 (plus parking and food) to ride two theme rides and the Tom Sawyer canoes. All of this could have been prevented by the Disney corporation thinking hard about park over crowding. Reading across the internet after coming home, there are websites and apps that provide info about crowds: the Disney corporation should tell you about wait times for rides and or projected attendance before you fork over your hard earned money. Disneyland has in the past been closed by order of the Fire Marshall. Management should have closed it yesterday. I have grown up in Southern California and have been going to Disneyland since 1962. Yesterday was the last time for me. Walt Disney founded the park to give families a magic experience and that magic is destroyed when the park is over crowded. The current management needs to take on over crowding or watch the reputation that took generations to build wither. What a loss and what a shame: it doesn't have to be this way at the formerly magic kingdom.Disneyland should be better than it is   very disappointed with our visit, which for us was a once in a lifetime event. Its not everyday you travel from Australia to go to Disneyland! The crowds were unbelievable   people, people everywhere, huge queues at every ride. I have never seen such a huge concentration of prams and wheelchairs in one place before. The parades performances were great, what we could see   people take up pole position 1 2 hrs before the event. Staff were average, looked bored and apathetic, its definitely not a magical place. My suggestion is that numbers entering the park should be capped to ensure that people have an enjoyable time . Of course this wouldn't happen because I get the feeling that it is all about money at the expense of people's enjoyment.If you enjoy spending $92.00 a day to wait in very long lines you will have a great time.  the passholders have over run the parks and filled them to capacity daily.If it was possible to rate them a zero I would have. While I realise that Disneyland and Disney   s California Adventure are two separate parks they much of what I have to say applies to both parks. There is not enough information out their about either park for first time visitors. They cram to many people into to smaller space and charge way to much for it. It seems that the only way that Disneyland is value for money is if you live in California, pay monthly for an annual pass and spend most of your free time there. For staff that are responsible for moving a lot of people all the time, their crowd control is terrible. It seems to me that they have given responsibility to people who are to young and inexperienced, resulting in people who are on a power trip telling people what to do and where to go that is not conducive to getting anyone anywhere in a timely and efficient manner. The scheduling of things within the parks also seems to be an issue. For instance there is no way you can see both Fantasmic! and Fireworks at the Disneyland Resort, and have good views for both, due to the times they are scheduled for. Yes I accept you can see the fireworks from just about anywhere near the parks, if you want to see the Fantasmic! by the water then see the fireworks in front of the castle it is pretty much impossible. And forget trying to catch something in the other park. And for those of you saying go to parks on different days or get multiple day passes, what about those who can not afford the extra days or who do not have the time to spend in Anaheim as it is stop over on their trip somewhere else. Two big issues Firstly, lazy people on motor scooters that they hired at the park. I am by no means tiny. My BMI would put me into obese at the very least and I was repulsed by the number of lazy people driving round on these. Who seemed to be spry and agile to get into the lines and onto the rides but could not walk between them. I was in the park from 9:00 am until midnight I was by the end of it, I could have kept standing if I had to. The longest time I stopped and rested was the half an hour I spent sitting on the sidewalk along with thousands of others watching the parade at Disneyland. If you can   t walk the whole time don   t go. I have no problem with those who brought their own scooter because they needed it, but scooters should not be an option for laziness. Secondly, parents with children far to big and old in a stroller. Once a child is a certain age it should work (baring any medical conditions that require assistance). One women had an eight year old in a stroller. That is far too old!! And again these strollers are hired at the park. Fair enough have stroller hire for those who have travelled some distance to get their and weren   t able to bring the stroller for their little one but should they really be readily available to all and sundry who can squeeze their 8, 9 or 10 year old into one. Then they have massive areas filled up with stroller parking. One of which was prime viewing location for Fantasmic!The only thing I absolutely wanted to get at Disneyland was a picture with Mickey. I found a Mickey out and about, got in the line and then was told the line was closed come back later as Mickey has other things to do. Would that have been their response if I was child!Fast Pass, line time estimates, the phone app and line cutting.All very very annoying and all mean we line up for even longer. The day I was there the glamour rides all had three hour wait times and many had no fast pass. The estimated line times were not even close to being correct. For example on the board in California adventure it said 30 minutes, at the ride it said 45 minutes, the wait was over an hour. The phone app may be useful for those who live in California (shocking) and are therefore not paying roaming charges and who can check the waits before even leaving home. There was no way I could have used this app I would have spent a fortune on data charges to find out I had to line up forever. And then there are the people who put one person in the line, who texts everyone else when they get close to the front, who then push their way through the line, essentially cutting in. And you get people who wait for the shows hours before the start again saving space for lots of other people. Shame if there are only two of you and you only have limited time in the parks so one person can   t sit in a prime viewing spot all day saving space. High points (I did manage to have a couple):I did have one lucky break at Disneyland and it was purely by accident. I happened to be walking passed the entrance to Splash mountain just as they were reopening it. The possibly only helpful staff member we struck all day said to go now as know one was in the line. Walk straight onto the ride, which was fun and got soaked. Don   t think I would have been quiet so impressed if I had to wait three hours to ride though.I would say to anyone who does go, don   t rule out the non glamour rides. I loved the mad hatters tea cups and could have rode them all day. Lets just say if I ever go back to Disneyland it will be way way too soon!Workers were rude. Couldn't really do anything without buying fast passes. Disabled people (usually fat people which is not a disability) are allowed to cut the lines. Will never go to the Disneyland resort again.4 major attractions were closed. We were stuck in a roped off line when they closed the 4th attraction the Haunted Mansion after a line not moving for 30 minutes. Finally patrons got upset and just took the ropes down themselves. Due to the 4 major rides closed, crowds got nasty. So bad workers started yelling at the crowd instructions but it was just chaos. Then all kinds of jumping lines by teens. The crowds were so bad that many times handicapped and strollers couldn't get through. If anything had happened it would have been a disaster. Worse how they handled the closed rides of Frontierland train, It's a small world and the Haunted Mansion was awful. They should advise you when you arrive on closures. When traveling we checked the internet but only the Frontierland Train was closed on the site. No refund. No fun. Orlando is so many times better, safer and well run. This park should have started moving to a new location 30 years ago. We will never go back. It just wasn't worth waiting in line or having 3 fast passes for the day and no ability to go on anything worthwhile for adults between then. 92 dollars for this and expensive food. Really? I'll fast pass out of here.Way too crowded, way too expensive, way overpriced.  I don't get it... you stand shoulder to shoulder lining up for a few short, old, cheesy rides.  After three hours we left.Well, it's what is it is. It's expensive, incredibly crowded, so very tiring. You spend most of your day in lines and your legs and back will hurt. The kids are cranky, the parents are annoyed....FUN! The food is awful. The only positive thing I would say is that everyone working there was very nice and accommodating.terrible terrible do not waste your money,,long line ups very long you will be exhausted and tired and not even worth ,,additional to that its not made for kids to have fun its made for parents to spend money ,,,between every game you will fine 3 shops at least to spend your money its made for business just marketing to make you spend you money ..went to other fun places but never seen in my life a place for marketing like this...my big advice save your money,,, in every 5 kid you might see one kid happy the rest either want to buy stuff which their parents do not want to spoil them or kids tired and want to go home,,its a torture for parents......I don't understand all this great reactions. I come from Belgium and I thought that visiting Disneyland during our trip through California would be a good idea. So I bought 3 tickets (276 dollar) online and went there the 19th august 2013. The crowd was huge but this we expected. What bothered me the most, was that two of the major attractions were off that week (they should mention this on their website or at least give a discount if they would be honest). We took a fastpass for the splash mountain but it wasn't working when we arrived. We returned after an hour and finally got on it. But while being in the attraction, it broke down and they had to evacuate us. Consolation price : a fast pass for another attraction...Because of this, the fast pass lines elsewhere became long as well (min. 30 min of waiting). So for me, it was a big waste of money and I don't understand the people who enjoyed this particular park.I visit california to stay with family every 18 months and usually visit with around a dozen of our US family for a day out. We spent christmas 2010 there and were very disappointed that some of the rides were out of action, the fireworks were cancelled and that the crowds were so big I had trouble getting into some of the other rides. My father in law is in a wheelchair and on some of the rides we were allowed to the front so he could get on the ride, only to be sworn at by some people standing in line, this in front of the disney staff who did nothing. Also we were shouted at by Disney staff when trying to get through a crowd with the wheelchair for going the wrong way. I e mailed on my return to uk and was offered free entry for my family when i visited again. I tried to speak to Disney this year during my visit and they did not want to honour their previous offer. Thanks Disney. Poor old Walt must be sinning in his grave at the way the company has gone. High prices, $92 for a day pass, old tired rides and attractions, No discount for California residents ( who keep the park going) rude unhelpful staff, extortionate food prices. Save yourself the money and trouble and give it a miss.Arrived at Disneyland very excited because my children finally reached the age where they can remember the Disney parks and it was very disappointing. First thing we saw on Main St was Minnie for autographing, so we approached the line and people with no manners were cutting in front us, mainly the parents for their children, so I had to remember not all people have manners, including adults. When we got to the front Minnie just grabbed the autograph book from my daughters without even acknowledging them, didn't really have time for a picture and I looked at my daughters and said  I know not what you expected , unfortunately now they are at the age where they will remember this experience when they see the Disney characters. It was 1030 am and the first thing I thought was isn't it too early for Minnie to be rude already? Either she is being overworked or they aren't paying her enough to act like this. Disney staff need to ensure they have  Happy employees  because they have people like me who forked at least $3000 for a wonderful experience at the park, I don't think Disney is broke yet to underpay their employees or settle for less. Saw another incident where Goofy pushed some children to get out of the way like you are done, I understand children don't comprehend their time is up, but can't they get someone hire staff to move people in a nice manner. Didn't remember anything like this at Disney World parks, they were all very nice courteous staff but unfortunately my children were 3 and 4 and don't really remember. So my word of advice is save your money for Disney World, I will never pay for Disneyland again!I took my family to Disneyland Resorts in California and sadly it was lacking in most categories. Specifically, the majority of the employees, mostly on the California Adventure side, were terrible. They lacked any semblance of manners and were condescending when asked for information, especially if you had any sort of a disability. However, there were a few employees who seemed to enjoy their jobs and went beyond what a normal person would expect to assist you or just to ask how things were going. On one particular incident, my daughter was busy vomiting up, in public, her clam chowder bread bowl she had just finished eating from the bakery in California Adventure Land. The employees and the  Lead  cook of the bakery were totally uncaring and condescending when out of nowhere one of the busboys stopped and assisted us. He seemed genuinely concerned about her welfare, kept repeatedly asking if we wanted him to get someone other then the employees of the eatery to help us, asked if he could get her some water, medical assistance, etc ... go figure, the lowest of the lowest paid is going out of his way to accomplish the goals and vision of Walt Disney, where the supervisors and the managers were failing miserably.On the bright side, most of the rides were in working order and they were clean. The employees working on the rides on the Disney side were very helpful and cheerful, however on the California Adventure side it was totally opposite. 90% of the ride operators were either rude or uncaring and virtually all were unfriendly. However, again, there were a few employees who stood out with their friendliness, mostly because they took the time to approach us and ask us if we needed help or just to start a conversation with us.Overall, I would would recommend the Disney side to others. However, the California Adventure side failed miserably. I would not recommend it to anyone, especially if you have any sort of disability.The buildings from cartoons I liked. The terrible waiting time to get on a ride. My kids waited 1 hour in line to get on a 90 seconds ride. The broken rides you expected to ride and they were broken, that I didn't like. Crowds were terrible there ought to be a limit how many people are allowed in.We have just got back from our holiday in the US. We have been to Disney many times across the global network. This holiday was in California so we were at the Anaheim location. The crowds and resulting queues and waiting time made this visit unbearable for me. It was only that my child would have been disappointed otherwise I would have packed up and left. Not only are the waiting times unreasonable the number of breakdowns (or in the language of the staff there  maintenance work ) was unprecedented, we stood in line in some cases for 80 minutes to be told that the ride was out for maintenance. There was no offer of a FastPass or other acknowledgement of the time waisted in a line to nowhere. Unfortunately I think Disney are living on an historical legacy but if they are not carful, they will start to loose what is a special brand. I will not be back anytime soon.Visited Disneyland July 14 16th 2013. Cost of two day park hopper for just my wife and I $420.00. With this was our hotel accommodations, expensive Disney food, we total out at $800.00. Even if everything went perfect this still is way too expensive. But we experience Disney during a two day period that included five attraction breakdowns and heard from others of two more. We approached an attraction that posted a 30 minute stand by time, an hour and 15 minutes later we were told that the ride was experiencing technical difficulties and that we could leave and come back later. Huh, fat chance! This was typical for our other experiencesNot only is Disneyland food expensive it borderline edible. We have decided to forgo anymore Disney corp. vacations and seek other  more bang for the buck' options. Our advice when you are considering a Disney vacation, Don't!My first and last trip to Disneyland. My family and I are Walt Disney World travelers 10 years plus staying there at their best locations (Contemporary, Grand Floridian, Wilderness Lodge and the Polynesian) over the past 10 years. We never experienced anything negative at Walt Disney World. We expected the same for Disneyland. We found the parks to be dirty, cast members to be rude, crowds in the park, not really family oriented and scary looking, tons of tattoos and piercing everywhere. We asked Disneyland's help when we encountered a drug deal going on at our Disneyland approved property and was hung up on and told off. This was just not one person. We ran into about 7 cast members who were rude not just on the phone but also in the parks. Not really the happiest place on Earth. They are very unhelpful, and if you are handicap, their new attractions were made handicap accessible for people only with mobility problems only. If you have a handicap person who is unable to wait on long lines, due to other medical issues, too bad! your handicap medical pass gets you no where! Their only solution is for your parties to separate and call you when they are ready to go in. In addition, we were threatened on one of their Disney approved properties and they upgraded to a dump   took pictures to prove it. Just all around rude people and not worth traveling west for. My advice is go to Walt Disney World if you are able. The workers are nicer, family friendly, cleaner and the resorts are top rated. I have always been a Die hard Disney Fan for many years, and I do think it is good value family entertainment due to the expensive cost for entryBut Sadly there is something about their park prices over 9s Adult You must be joking rip off 5 of my family and no change from 500 dollars ??? Add food and trinkets 800 dollars during recession Is way over the top for a very old park ,The best example is space mountain so old about to fall apart that is why it is taking so long for them to get the ride up and runningI am not saying this to scare anyone but big ticket price is going on keeping this old lady going,There is just no great men like Walt Disney left the dreams are ending its time to build better rides Universal is now better value and updating rides with new ,I planned a trip to southern california around disney and it happened to be the place we liked the least. I had the most miserable, tiring, hot day of my life. I went on a weekday to try and avoid the crowds somewhat. But 1.5  hour waits for the big rides. 45 minute waits for the kiddie rides. Lines to eat. Lines to go to the bathroom. I expected lines. But we barely did anything all day. We used the fastpasses as much we could. But standing in line all day in full sun when it is 100  degrees drove me nuts. Disney, please can you please get some more benches in the park. But what topped it all off was when i stood in line for about 1 hour we were the next group to ride, they told us they had to shut the ride down for the parade. So we waited in line for nothing. Also, when my fastpass time for star trek ride came, the ride was stopped for maitanence because it had problems. Terrible terrible park. I am sure i just had bad luck and the hot did not help. But it was insane and i will necer want to come back.Was there for my grandson's 5th birthday and there is no way I will ever go back. $15 parking was the first price gouging and from then it was downhill. $ 90 for a young child; 30 minute or more for one of the lesser rides; overpriced junk food. The kids seemed to have a good time so we stuck it out to the bitter end. I don't see how a family of six could spend much less than $1000 for the day. I can think of many better ways to entertain young children.We have always lived in Arizona but.....have been annual passport holders since 1992. Sadly, we will not be renewing them this year.....Disneyland is not what it used to be and hasn't been for quite some time.I used to worship their management philosophy, even attending the Disney Institute in Orlando, but that was the first thing to go. You can now listen to, quite frequently, cast members gossiping about each other, cursing, being rude to and completely ignoring guests. They have resorted to selling nothing but complete junk in their stores, the food now resembles nursing home food...it goes on and on and is really sad!Granted, the park is breathtaking at Christmas, it's not enough anymore.Example: you've waited in line for 90 minutes for a ride...you've just sat down on the ride, the ride breaks down. Old school: you'd get a 1 time pass for you and everyone in your party, to any ride in the park without waiting in line, at all. Now, they just instruct you to exit to the right.I could go on and on but I won't, it's too sad.We went to the park when school was still on to try and avoid crowds... we were unsuccessful. There were so many people you had to walk at the speed of the rest of the crowd. Some rides had over a 2 hour line, including many of the food outlets. We queued twice for the Indiana Jones ride, got almost to the front of the queue and then were sent away due to technical difficulties. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone but die hard disney fans that would really appreciate the shows.Not sure if it was because we went on a Friday, but the park was so busy it was difficult to walk through some parts. All of the rides had ridiculous queues, and even with the fast passes needed to come back 3 4 hours later. We queued up twice for the Indiana jones ride, and both times got to the front and the ride broke down. Wasted 3.5 hours of our day for nothing. No sympathy or reimbursement from the staff either. Rides were all quite average, would highly recommend next door (California adventure park) for much faster, more efficient queues and more modern rides!Is it just me. or am I pointing out what a lot of families are seeing? It seems like Disney management is pricing Disneyland admission out of reach for most families. Family discount tickets are almost impossible to find and even then are greatly overpriced. I don't think Walt would approve (or brother Roy either). Their pricing policy seems to be based on sheer greed. What is the most money we can suck out out of the budget of a family of four for a three day admission? (Presently about $950). When did the Happiest Place on Earth become the Greediest Place on Earth? Well, I just recently noticed that their share price is hitting record highs so somebody must be happy.I went to Disneyland about 30 and 25 years ago and thought it the most wonderful place. For the first 3 days of May i took my wife and 10 year old daughter and hoped to re live the time I had previously and show them what it was like. While disneyland itself has not changed and California Adventure is also great the number of people allowed to enter make it impossible to enjoy. What was a wonderful place is now just a profit center and i am sorry but allowing that many people in and having long lines has ruined this place for me. The management need to only sell tickets for the number of people that the areas can accomadate and keep lines to a maximum of 10 minutes. My memories will be of children crying and people fainting standing in queues that are rediculus, and this was in an off season period.I visited Disneyland 15 years ago and had the best time however, when I visited again in Nov 2012 it was somewhat overcrowded. Throughout the whole park we got to go on only 3 rides. We stood in line for over an hour to get into the haunted house, got to go on the teacups and on the Merry go round!!!! That was it, the lines were just ridiculous! There were that many people there they had Pram parking and I can tell you now I have never seen so many prams in my life!!! We paid around $380 for me and my husband to go to Disneyland for one day and California Land for the next day including parking.....I can tell you now for that amount of money I would never do it again! It was a total rip off. We saw Disneyland but that was about it! Not worth the money.There are very few places on earth that I intentionally avoid.  The waits are endless.  Everything is over priced.  Half of the kids are overwhelmed, cranky and acting like brats.  Who needs that?Was very over crowded, in fact, it seemed to be more crowded than Christmas. It was not as enjoyable as it once was. The line ups for rides was as mush as 3 hours.My son and daughter in law treated me to a day at Disneyland and Calif. Adventure for my birthday.I hadn't been then for over 20 years. I felt like someone from the past transported to the future.It was so different than the Disneyland.I could not believe how crowded and over booked the parks were.We were only able to go on a few rides and two of the major rides had technical problems and they didn't know when or if (it was near closing time) they could start back up.They never offered any sort of compensation or discounts for having spent over an hour waiting.Walt Disney designed the park according to very strict guidelines.I did my senior thesis at UCLA about Disneyland and I know Walt Disney would be horrified to know that because all they want to do is make money, they no longer care if you get on the rides or not.They have so many shops and food now that is all you can do because you can't get on the rides.I really enjoyed being with my family because all we did was have time together while waiting in lines.My husband e mailed Disneyland and of course they didn't care or offer any compensation.The California Adventure is nicely designed.so crowded, people were rude and crossing in front, no manners way to crowded, couldn't move without being ran over or running someone over.That's basically what we did: we paid to stand in line. We paid to be among crowds of people. We paid (too much) to eat carnival type food.This is more of a warning than a criticism of the park as many people love Disneyland and are undeterred, apparently.If you don't mind long lines, throngs of people and mediocre food, then this is the place for you.I didn't see any of the Disney Magic. I tried. I tried to be patient and have a positive attitude. But it just didn't make sense to me to pay that much to wait, to be in crowds, and eat bad food.I have annual membership of this park for past 12 years now. We go there coz my daughter and wife love it. My best moment in this park is when we in car and start to drive back home. Here is why...1. 80% time is spend in waiting for rides or walking past the crowd.2. They have terrible terrible food quality. Although in past many years they have added many new restaurant types, but the food is just atrocious in taste. It it unhealthy and tasteless.3. Everything is overpriced.4. They are probably best in mass people movement to keep crowd in control, but it is ridiculous that it takes 60 minutes from the moment you part car to get inside the park entrance.Kids love it... but it does not mean they deserve 5stars.Sure the rides are fine and the people on duty are ok. My complaint is with the Disney Standards in this park??? Since when is it ok for an ice cream vendor on Main Street to hold up one finger and shoosh me while she finishes her conversation on her CELL PHONE??? WHAT??? Since when is it acceptable for employees to walk across the park in costume carrying backpacks while looking down while texting while they are walking THROUGH THE PARK? Since when is it ok to have multiple piercings and designer sunglasses while on duty in the park?Man I have to tell you that there is a MAJOR difference between the appearance of the employees in California and the ones in Orlando. WOW! CALIFORNIA isnt Disney Headquarters just a few miles to the North?? GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER!Why can't you put lower than one star? We picked a Mon Ties Wed in August to try avoid crowds. How wrong we were. well the crowds were not bad, the manners of the crowds were bad. Awaiting the Maaterhorn we waited for hours while people in front of us let freinds and family into the line. we questioned a  cast memeber' and was told  what do you want us to do?  after over a 2 hour wait, we passed the sign that said 90 minute wait, We exited. The same thing happened on many rides. WE purchased a special picnic to asure us a good place to watch Worl of Color. Temp over 100 degress with no where to sit. 5 minutes before show they let in 100s of people in our special area. We had a good place to watch until 100s got in front of us. Same thing happened at fireworks sitting on hot pavement and then cast memebers tell us we could sit on ground. So we stood for 50 minutes. We had made a reservation for Carthey Circle Resturant, we arrived 10 minuts early and were told there would be a hour and 1 2 wait. Why take reservations? WE got fast passes for Cars at 8am, the fast pass was for 4pm. We got in line and still had to wait hours as we were told they wanted to clear up single line. When I arrived home I wrote a letter to Guest Relations, they wrote back, to say it was a corprate form letter would be a understatment. Asking why we didnt go to guest realtions in Town Sqaure, get out of line to complain about the long line and people allowing friends to enter Asked why we didnt talk to cast meember, I told them in letter I spoke to many cast members and NONE were very helpful. THen they had the nerve ( i think they were being funny) to give up front of line passes for rides, but they were not good on Matterhorn or Cars, the 2 rides I complained about. I guess they thougth they were being funny. They gave me the regualr BS about no refund, i reminded them that because something said no refund there are expections. If a non refubdable ticket on a plane is canceled they give you your money back, if you have opera tickets and it is cancaled you get your money back. I don't believe that they even read my letter, just did the old  send him excuse  5 letter . They should be ashamed of them selfs calling it Guest Relations. I will never go back and tell everyone how bad we wer treated by Disneyland. It is so clear Disneyland wants one thing  Your Money  once they have it they have no interest in helping anyone, WE spent over 700 dollars for 3 day passes. The Happest Place on Earth, they shoud be sued for false advirtising!Our family of 4, including one free child, paid $250 to get in to do what? we got to see 5 features rides since we spent all the time in line ups and this is February!! To the see Tinkerbell was over an hour wait, waited 45 minutesbut never got to see Mickey as we were told we had to wait at least another 45 minutes to see it. For a place so busy, it was hard to find food, we had to walk over 20 minutes to find something, as compared to San Diego Zoo or Seaworld. $250 is a lot of money to spend to be in line ups all day and obviously Disney does not have to give a damn as the place was crowded and we were told even more crowded in the summer months. So bottom line is if people are willing to thro wgood money at bad, then Disnet will continue to rape you!We were VERY disappointed with our trip to Disneyland this time: the new multi day ticket picture taking process that was just launched this winter is leading to unbelievable lines just to get in, tired and rude staff and patrons and a significant reduction of our time in the park (20 40 mins a day   more when we park hopped   lost to lines just to get into the parks). While we appreciate the need to stop people from selling sharing their multi day tickets, the staff at the gates need to find a better, more friendly way to manage the lines and to get people through the process and into the park. We lost a lot of time each day to the confusion and poor people management at the gates. For example, on Saturday, two monorail trains left in the morning empty as the staff at the Downtown Disney Monorail gates were unable to process tickets, take photos and answer the multitude of questions raised. The line just stopped moving. I have never experienced anything like it at a Disney Park and we go multiple times each year.We hope that they fix this quickly.Although Disneyland is favored by people from all over the world, however I'm pretty upset, and I'm sure I'm not the only one, on the admission prices just to get into the park itself, 75 , that just does not seem reasonable for those who have more than two children...I still love  It's a small world  and the many attractions they have to offer, but the prices of this  Magical  place leads me to believe that the average  Joe  and his family are not welcomed, and it's only for those who can afford such an exspence...If this is suppose to be an American past time then why can't everyone enjoy it without having to sell children, tv's, and valuable items just for the price of a ticket?corn dogs are 6.19, souvenire cups are 12.99. The people working at Disneyland seem to be very unhappy people that don't like children.  Their short with you and the food is more like carnival foodlines were long, crowded walkways, and some rides didn't work. I actually kicked a baby stroller and made the baby cry because the couple were hurrying to their destination. It was an accident but I really felt bad, my daughter got run over by a old lady in a electric cart, and my other daughter had her foot ran over with No apology by the old man. Extremely overcrowded. The wait for most rides was between 90 to 120 minutes! Main Street was cordoned off for parades and other events, so everyone had to use the sidewalks only. It was shoulder to shoulder crowded and everyone was being directed on where to walk by the cast members, who were all wonderful under the circumstances. We were even directed to walk behind the Main Street buildings (this was a first for us). I paid for my Park Hopper tickets ($125 each) in advance online. It's very disappointing that management would allow so many people into the park, creating such overcrowding that my daughter and I had a terrible time. At 3:00 p.m., we got our first Fast Pass tickets, for Star Tours, which gave us a return time of 12:50 a.m.! We couldn't get Fast Pass tickets for another two hours! Even going through the Fast Pass line for the Haunted Mansion, we stood in line for 35 minutes. For the Star Tours Fast Pass, at 1:00 a.m., we stood in line outside in 45 degree weather, for 40 minutes. Patio heaters would have been helpful.The lines for food were very long. After purchasing our food, we could not find seating inside, so had to try to find a table outside. It was cold that day, so by the time a table was available, our hot food was now cold. And, of course, the food was expensive! No patio heaters outdoors, either.The lines were just as long at the California Adventures Park. We've been to Disneyland quite a few times before, but this was the worst time we ever had there. This was not a happy time and my daughter and I have no desire to return. I left with the feeling that Disney was only interested in money, not providing a fun and happy time.We paid $261 for our family of 3 to get in & it was so crowded we road 2 rides. We were there from 10am 10pm. Over 2 hr wait for every ride. I will never go againDisney was max out. No room to move what so ever.Only got in a few rides in over 12 hours. Lineups were 1.5 to 2 hours for rides. Not worth my $$$ I spent to get in.Xmas holidays and over selling tickets are to blame. Shame on Disney for thinking of the money first. Not the happiest place on earth anymore.For Christmas I surprised my 12 year old nephew with a trip to Disneyland. We drove from Las Vegas on Dec 26, planned to go to the park on the 27th and leave on the 28th. When we arrived in Anaheim on the 27th (about 11:30am) the place was CHAOS. We got routed and re routed several times to find parking. After about 2 hours we finally were lead to a garage behind the convention center. We paid our $15 and entered the garage. Up and up we went ever looking for a space. We got to the top, did a complete circle only to find there were NO SPACES! It took over 45 minutes to get out of the garage as they were still letting people in. We finally were directed to a supplemental lot near the boom lifts. From there we walked back to the shuttle location only to be told (by a disney employee) that the wait was about 30 minutes or that we could take the 10 minute walk to Disneyland. We opted to walk. While frustrated, we were determined not to be angry so we made a pact to have a positive outlook and started our walking journey. What they said would take 10 minutes was really about 25 minutes and quite a far distance.When we arrived at the entrance it was more CHAOS. We chose a queue line and started to wait for tickets. We noticed that the line to our right was shorter so we moved. An employee at the side of the queue line told us  oh by the way, Disneyland is closed as it is at Max capacity. But you can go to CA Adventures . When I explained we werent really interested in the other park she turned away and ignored us   guess she figured she didnt need to speak with us any further. We left the line and spoke with another disney employee who told us that maybe at 5pm they would re open the park after the parade. We then overheard two other employees talking about the issues and uncertainty of the opening plus the fact that Friday would be even worse than today. i can not express how frustrated and angry I was but was trying to remain positive as i wanted the nephew to have a great day!I requested to speak with a Lead. When I explained our crappy day to him, he could have cared less. He gave me a long winded speech on safety and the fire marshall. His suggestion was for me to buy FULL PRICE tickets and wait til they opened the park at 5pm or so. No accomodation or suggestions on how he could make our experience better. WHAT THE H**L HAPPENED TO THE FAMED DISNEY GUEST SERVICE???? Disney used to be the standard for guest service that others wanted to emulate. NOT ANY MORE. Guess they had so many guests that they didnt need my money or my business. Their wish is granted.I asked my nephew what he wanted to do   his answer was to leave and never return. I agreed.Next day we went to Knotts Berry Farm and had a GREAT time. Things Disney should have done1. warned or informed guests of peak days on their website2. had the employees at the parking garage tell us that Disneyland was at capacity and only the secondary CA Adventures was open (Had we known this we would have left sooner and not been as unhappy)3. Taught their staff guest service4. Offered us some type of discount or accomodation to make up for the problems5. Anything other than a lecture on safety At this point I dont ever want to return to Disneyland. My disappointment with them and their lack of service is immense. I can truthfully say that there was nothing happy about our visit to their facility.I'm in a wheelchair and the place was so busy it made it impossible to move around to get to the attractions. After the first half hour , I wanted to leave. The majority of rides were inaccessible. The park was an unfortunate waste of money. What a disappointment for this disneyland experience. We left early allowing our grandchildren to enjoy their day as we had been slowing them down drastically.Just an overcowded amusement park for kids. If you are going there as an adult, then find somewhere else to visit. It's not worth going there.fastpass is a con. You can only check in yup one ride at a time. We checked in after lunch.... Told to come back st 1130pm. No kidding.  All around mistake to be avoided.... St least today.We spent 5 hours here and got on two rides in carsland. Too busy! Also we bought ice lollys from a stall and they got stuck to our tounges lips!!! They were stored in dry ice. I have huge ulcers on my lips now. Thankfully my 3 year old was not hurt like me. I complained and all they did was give me a gift card with the value of the lollys, so i had to spend it back in the park. Such a con. I wouldnt buy tickets to queue for 2 and a half hrs for one ride which they also said the queue time was 90 mins, an hour less than it actually was. Knottsberry farm is a much better day out. You are paying for the brand at disney, your child would get more joy watching a cars dvd!!!Hi everyone,I come here from Australia just to go to Disneyland this year.It was really terrible, 70 mins  per ride waiting time. Food is expensive, no chairs to sit on to watch fireworks, but supply chairs in smoking areas. $250 for the two of us to enter Disney land, way too expensive to stand in a line.Got told the fireworks start at 8pm so I got a good standing up spot, but then the worker told me it was at 9:30 . So, instead of waiting around for 1 1 2 hrs, I got on the train. But half way round, they announced they are stopping at the last platform and will not be returning back to the fireworks stop until after the fireworks. What a joke. I tried to walk all the way back to where I was originally standing but the workers were directing traffic in one way. I was so upset I just gave up and returned back to the car and left. I will not recommend this park to anyone, I will be ringing to complain.Last year, I went to Knottsberry farm, I loved it, much much better rides, shorter lines, much more cheaper to enter. Disneyland is way over rated.On top of everything else at Disney land, I only saw a few dressed up characters, what happened to Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Goofy etc.I don't believe the amount I paid, matched what I got.Very disappointed.Shan Australia.Indiana Jones, It's a Small World, and others were closed   I was really upset   I wanted to show my kids It's a Small World... The Carousel had spider webs all over it and had not been cleaned or painted it's Horrible!!!Mr. Toad's Wild Ride Broke   problem solved 45 minutes later!Also Pirates of the Caribean broke   while we were on it. For over an hour and we were not allowed to get off  NO REFUND   WHAT A RIP OFF   Total lack of respect for the customers and the dollars we bring. I am NEVER going to DISNEY AGAIN.Almost half our day was waiting to get off the rides. Totally fed up. WORST AMUSEMENT PARK in the WORLD!!! With the Billions of Dollars Disney makes, you think someone could pay for maintenance and fixing rides while the park is closed   NOT DURING THE DAY with passengers on the ride   AVOID at all costs and go elsewhere!!!We have a kid who is 40  tall. He had to be measured THREE times EVERY SINGLE time we wanted to go on a ride. He had to be measured before getting into line, in the midddle of the wait and then again before being allowed on the ride. He's 2.5 and did not want to cooperate being measured over and over and over again!!! And, we waited over an hour for a ride, he passed the initial two measures, and the last guy threw us off AFTER WAITING FOR AN HOUR saying he wasn't tall enough???? He had gone on over a dozen rides already with the same height requirement!! The lines are waaaaaay too long and the employees don't want to be there. The fast past thing means that you wait while everyone is ALLOWED to cut in front of you. BAD idea!! Never, ever returning!!!We never saw them, but the chaos is complete at this place. To queue for 80 min to drive Cars for 7 min is completely unacceptable! The amount of people in this park eating around the hole day is too much! We came here at 9 am, did both parks but queued most of the day before we got fed up and left at 5! Never again!We stayed at the Disneyland hotel which was great with a beautiful remodel and bought tickets to the Halloween party on Oct 3rd. Pros: Nice hotel with a wonderful staff.Excellent food.Nice poolsCons:Very long lines for most popular rides (even in October)Too many broken rides, worst of all being the Grizzly River Run where my 9 year old daughter had to be evacuated off the mountain. It took over an hour and we missed our shuttle and almost missed our plane! I spoke to workers who said,  Yeah, that ride breaks all the time, by October the rides have had alot of abuse and break alot?  WHAT??????? This was close to a $5000 vacation for a family of 3!They handed my daughter a pass to ride again that was only good for the same day. WHAT??????Guest services was no help at all and said the ride was only broken for 20 minutes! What a lie!Didn't expect this from Walt Disney Corp.!Halloween party:Oversold! It was dark, no one knew where to go, what to do, you couldn't see the so called map. There were so many people that you couldn't walk around or get candy or go on rides or anything! $54 dollars a person and I think my daughter got on one ride and got a handfull of candy. We tried to see the parade and the fireworks, but unless you sat in front of the castle for the entire event to save a place, you weren't going to get a seat. We didn't even see the fireworks. It was that crowded!!!!!Shame on you, Disney Marketing!My daughter was frightened by the ride experience and really disappointed. She got on the plane ride home crying. I don't think we will be going back and we have been big Disney supporters for years. Sorry, but that's what happened.I moved out west 5 years ago, from the east coast. Having been to disneyworld 15 timewithout ever having a problem I decided to book a stay at disneyland. I was suprisedby the big differences between parks.The bath rooms were very dirty,the fast pass mashineswere being stocked by 8 am and running out by 9 am, the grounds were dirty, I would neverrecommened disneyland to anyone, save a little more go to disneyworld, its larger,cleanerand more attentive. our trip was off peak, Id hate to see what peak time is likeOver crowded, over priced, over hyped. Never again! Hours long wait for rides. Expensive, ordinary food.I purchased two annual passes online. All info was correct. Order didn't process. Tried again. Then tried next day. It kept saying transaction could not be processed. Talked online to chat representative named Amy. She looked up the order but it 'didn't process'. She said just to show up. So my time online both days was wasted cutting into vacation time. Then i found out my debit card was charged for all my attempts   8 times $174! I called and spoke to customer service who neither offered free passes when asked or a complimentary upgrade on the season passes. instead he said to drive an hour and a half to the box office who  might  be able to give free passes. I have no money left on card to purchase anything, and now am down $3192 and they say I have to wait 2 3 days for the charges to drop off. When I asked to speak to a supervisor, the guy transferred me to a 'survey hotline' which then hung up on me.So I could not buy passes, the debit card was charged, the disneyland website was not working correctly despite all info being exact (checked and double checked) and then customer service didn't do ANYTHING to help alleviate the stress, or to offer compensation for two wasted days of vacation and no possibility of visiting the park.Complete disappointment.We visited Disneyland on August 18th and 19th, 2012. I was shocked by how rude so many of the Disney  Cast  were during our visit. We got in line for the new  Cars  ride and waited for 45 minutes before the ride was shut down temporarily and were told to leave the line (along with everyone else).We then went over to Toy Story and waited in that line at least 35 minutes before it shut down. They announced that everyone should leave the line. I was hot, tired and had just wasted more time waiting for a ride with my family so I approached the Disney person standing at the front of the ride shouting that people need to leave the line. I asked about being given a fast pass since we had been waiting. She very rudely told me that only people that had reached a certain point in line would get a fast pass and then ignored me. I asked an employee standing in front of the Tiki House what time the next show started. He replied  8:30pm . When I asked him if he knew what the current time was he said no and walked off.Lots of Disney employees shouting at people to  Move out of the way!  etc. No  Please , no  Thank You . If we approached an employee about directions to a ride or about anything else we were treated as though we were bothering the employee.It was like Disney had been taken over by Walmart employees that hate their jobs. It was COMPLETELY different then our experience at Walt Disney World where every employee we came into contact with played their role as a  Happy Disney Cast Member  to perfection.The people checking tickets at the main gate are pretty rude as well. It was very weird but perhaps that's typical for Disney in California?over crowded half the rides didnt work or broke down while in que over priced i never go to this park again!!!!This theme park was over crowded,then you have to wait for a ride like about an hour then they came with the excuse that the ride broke down , and it wasn't only one ride it happens to five rides they came with the same excuse,the food was so expensive all over the area including the harbor street,the T shirts forget it too expensive too,then the FAST PASS they make you wait for about three hours for the next ride and still you have to wait in line.this was my third time and my last I go there.then we went to Universal Studios,and sea world,that was great,no problem waiting too long in line,the ride were working alright.That i love it the BEST AND THE BEST. About Disneyland I GIVE THEM A BIG ZERO!!!!!!! ( 0 ).byeI took my 2 grandkids to Disneyland on a Saturday. Spent 125 a piece to get a 1 day park hopper ticket. It was so crowded that we only got on maybe 6 rides all day. I would say the average wait was 60 to 90 minutes per ride, and even for the small kid rides, they were at least 40 minutes. We waited in one line for 20 minutes and did not move 1 inch. The food was exorbitant as well, spending 9.99 for a hamburger and fries. Next time I will go during the week or around Christmas when it is not too crowded. It was so crowded we did not have any fun at all. We wanted to rent an electriic cart for my handicapped husband and it was 70 dollars. We spent 35 dollars at other amusement Parks. I think Walt would be turning overi in his grave if he knew!After going to Disneyland for so many years it has all come down to GREED. Walt would never have stood for the prices they are now charging to get in the park or the cost of food or pins or t shirts. The Quality of the food vs Cost is just plain GREED. I have been in the park about 45 times in the last 57 years. I have 23 grand children and we will not be coming again. It is a shame that GREED took over the park. The cost of everything has just took the magic out of DISNEYLAND for this large family. We will look to other attractions where we can get a better value. Sorry you have done so much damage to a great place. $$$$$$$$$ GREED GREED GREED$$$$$$$$$$.We went with my two young daughters and stood in line for 2 hours to meet the  princesss . We finally get in, only to have the princesses  on break  for the show so we got the fairy godmothers instead. My daughters were SO disappointed. When Cinderella came back to her little cove, right behind us, and my daughter turned back to get a picture with her, she got chewed out by the line employee because she had to keep moving forward. We ignored her so she went to whisper in Cinderella's ear, who then turned and walked away from my daughter! My kiddo was in tears. I am still boiling over at the thought of it! Rude, disrepectful. It ruined our whole day. This is supposed to be  the happiest place , well all they did was make my 5 year old cry. Shame on them!Way too expensive to get in. The park, which used to be kept up, was dirty. Papers and things all over the place. Tried to find a hot dog vender. No more. They want you to go inside one of their expensive places to eat. Security was not to be found. Walt is turning over in his grave.The kids love this place, but is it possible to have almost all rides fail (after people have stood in line for hours...) on the same day? In the middle of high, high season? And no compensation??I give it 1 star for being clean and having nice employees, but thats where it stops. There has to be a limit on how many people they let in a day. The lines were soooo long, yes the fast pass works, but you have wait around until you can use and by the time you get back in 2 3 hours you can miss it. If there are parades or shows going on the roads will be blocked off. After 2 months of planning and even more of saving $$ to go and the kids were very disappointed. There are only so many times you can get stepped on, coughed on, run over by strollers,cut off, elbowed, sneezed on, bumped into, kicked and so on. We wish we would have just spent the week on the beach. It was a nice idea, but it really sucked.I just returned from my visit to Disneyland, I took my grandsons to the park they were visiting from Europe. I am disabled therefore I was able to get a pass in Disneyland to go to a shorter ride, in their new park, California Adventure they were  wheelchair  friendly therefore we waited and waited and waited to get to our rides. I was given a paper with a stamp on it and dated which I was questioned by the Disneyland side 4 times and told that the paper was useless. We had an early pass for one hour early in either park according to Disney employees but we found out it wasn't for Cal. Adventure, which we got up @ 5:am to go. They did let us in early (45min) to Disneyland but the 2 rides we wanted to ride were not yet opened.The reason I am writing this is for people who are going in the middle of the summer who don't have unlimited cash or credit to put them behind for years Disneyland has turned into a class park. Those with little money get very little rides or enjoyment, those with more money get more rides and those with alot of money get more etc. until the very rich see all with little trouble.I feel Walt Disney wanted all to have their dreams come true, at least in Disneyland and that is just not possible in the busy times at Disney. If I ever return it certainly won't be at the peak times or maybe I will win the lottery and can spend the big bucks.I bought four one day one park tickets, paid over $87 each for them, received a receipt but no e tickets.I have emailed them several times, but they do not respond. Clearly this is fraudulent. Now I will have to ask my credit card company to follow up and refund my money.My advice is to go through Expedia or buy them at the gate.Badly burnt and not happyDo NOT go to Disneyland Wed Sat nights from mid May to Mid June. It is a nightmare of unruly, unsupervised HIgh School students that completely take over the park! It will make you experience NOT a good one. There are mobs of them everywhere. Disney changed their policy, and now allow them unchaperoned to come in during regualar hours for a MONTH! It's such a shame the Dinsey decided to budget cut once again on this!Disneyland is so overpriced, I cannot believe how many families fork over almost $100 per person for admission. My first trip to Disneyland was in December, 1962. The price of admission was $3.25. You got a book of tickets labeled A, B, C, D, E. Most people in today's world don't know what an  E  ticket ride is. Really too bad. There has to be better places to spend your money.I really don't want to be writing a review like this about Disney but I feel like I should share our excperience just in case there is someone out there that is on the fence about which Disney to go to. I'm not going to say don't go because everyone should do Disney at least once! Yes everything is over priced and yes you'll run into rude tourist and yes your kids will have at least one melt down over the days it takes to do all there is to do but everyone should experience it once! We have gone to DisneyWorld and loved it! Everything about it seemed magical and even as adults it was easy to get caught up in the magic that is Disney! To bad Disneyland is missing the magic! The first castmember we even saw was extremly rude and that was in the parking lot! No smiles, no how can I help you's just grumpy! Ok so that was just the parking lot and I'm thinking I'm sure once we were in the magic that is Disney would take over...no such luck! Inside the park is dirty and filled to the brim with rude cast members and tourist! Everyone, including the workers were rushing people through. The rides seem tired and in need of updating. My girls ages 7 and 2 were so ready to go before the day was even over. The fantasmic show scared them and since the fireworks start as soon as the first show is over we missed the majority of them. We bought a 3 day park hopper pass and my kids didn't even want to go back and we spent the rest of the time at California Adventure! I wished we had just went to Florida. We just thought it would be fun to switch it up...turned out we spent more money going to California and missed the fun!Disneyland used to be  the happiest place on Earth,  but after having been a resident in Southern California my entire life and owning an annual passport to Disneyland for several years, I have seen first hand the decline of this once wonderful place to visit. There has always been a distinct difference between Disneyland and other theme parks in the area such as Six Flags Magic Mountain and Knott's Berry Farm. Disneyland has always been, to me, family friendly, a nice crowd of people, clean, homey, etc. In recent years though, the park has become less than satisfactory. The park's popularity and obvious growth of the population over the past 20 years in So Cal has greatly affected the quality of this once wonderful vacation spot. Despite the cost of tickets and annual passes, which have increased immensely, the crowd does not seem to dissipate. The crowd has truly increased with the prices making a visit to Disneyland unbearable, especially on the weekend. Until the park manages the amount of people allowed into the park on a given day, I will not be renewing my Premium Annual passport (now approximately $500 annually) and neither will the rest of my family. I will be writing a letter to Disneyland to suggest that they manage the amount of people allowed into the park at a time. There should be a system in place, perhaps some type of reservation system that allows visitors to call in advance and book their trip. If someone decides to go to Disneyland last minute, they can still call in and book a trip if there are available spots. This system could also mimic the fast pass system currently in place in the theme park. Not only is a trip to Disneyland these days unpleasant, but for a park catering to parents and their children, a family park, the amount of people make the park extremely dangerous. I could only imagine if there were some type of natural disaster in the park, children, elderly and handicapped would all be trampled with the amount of people around. I will be using my pass up until it expires and will probably not be visiting until something changes with this once magical place. I wish everyone could have experienced it the way I did as a child.P.S. The food at Disneyland and in Downtown Disney is awful and definitely not worth the price. The only place that is decent is Catal and Club 33!I have been a loyal premium Disneyland annual pass holder for most of my life. In that past couple of years my family, and I have noticed a notable increase in the amount of people attending Disneyland. This past Sunday marked the end of our pass holder status. I went with several members of my family, including my two toddler boys. The park was so crowded it took us four hours to walk to Toon Town, go on Buzz Lightyear, and leave. Aside from our extreme level of frustration, my bigger concern is my sons' safety. Had there been any sort of problem my boys would have been in jeopardy. To give you an example of the crowd, I was at Disneyland on the 50th anniversary, arguably one of the most crowded days in the park's history, and this random Sunday was worse. I find it hard to believe that the park had not far exceeded maximum capacity, but I guess when I get on an elevator, and look at the elevator's maximum capacity of people it too seems ridiculous. Disneyland is no longer a fun and safe place for me to bring my kids. Between the drive, parking, getting through the crowds, its stressful and dangerous. There are so many other wonderful places to take them in the area, and I'll spend that $2000 year I was spending on annual passes, there.Just a far cry from Disney World Fla.  Not as clean   a cheap version of Disney World.the lines were long and the rides kept breaking and they closed rides without posting any information elsewhere in the park.    Loved Sea World the next day!We went in March, on a Wed, and the local school districts should not have had Spring Break, so we figured it would be crowded but not so much that it couldn't be enjoyed. We were wrong. Luckily we were at the gates at 8:00am, and for about 2 hours, were able to enjoy the place. We hit a few big rides like Finding Nemo and Pirates of the Caribbean. They were nice I guess, but not great, something you'd wait 10 minutes to see, but not much more. Then by maybe 11am the place began to swell with people. And I mean SWELL, from comfortable walking around to jammed packed, stroller to stroller, bumping into people constantly because the aisles simply could not accommodate the ratio of people to walking space.We began thiinking  what the heck? How could this many people be paying the $300 we paid to get into this place, here on this day in March?  And my husband quickly figured it out. The park wasn't filled to the brim with people who had paid a fortune to travel to CA, book a hotel and rental car, and pay the huge entry fee. Nope. The majority of them just hopped in their car, grabbed the ANNUAL PASS, and headed over with all the kids. And just how little do these folks pay per visit? Well looks like most of them paid $80 and a pittance of a monthly fee ($9.92 or some such figure) for a whole YEAR. As many visits as they want. And what's to stop them with sharing these passes with their relatives and friends? By the looks of the crowd and Disneyland, it's pretty obvious that these annual passes are being both heavily used and maybe even abused.So as an out of towner I really resent the fact that I just paid 300 bucks for a couple of hours of enjoyment, coupled with about 6 more hours of misery, so that I could essentially subsidize the locals   who apparently have a different expectation of personal space, and can go to Disneyland for a whole YEAR for the same money I just paid for 1 lame day.Surely Walt Disney is turning over in his grave. And exactly which execs in the Disney came up with this plan? Some guy surely sipping cocktails on his yacht, who would sooner take a bath in a vat of oil than take his own kids to Disneyland.Liked It's a Small World, Pirates of the Carribbean and Jungle Cruise. Disliked most attractions were closed and hardly any characters appeared except for Toy who made a brief appearance.The Florida Disneyworld is much better choice, especially Epcot.Disneyland is a Money Pit and food choices are poor.This park was a complete let down!!! For Australians and those from queensland it is no where near as good as dreamworld.The rides I thought would be amazing or special but they did not live up to my expectations. The lines are massive and the fast passes still means you have to wait for 30mins on average. The kids rides were longer than the wait for the larger ones with an average wait time of 40mins. This is on a Friday. Would not even consider going on a Saturday the busiest day.After two days my partner and I were sick of it and didn't even go back for the 3rd day we paid for, we had already been on majority of rides multiple times. For children, the park is massive and little legs will get very sore considering mine were aching after 2 days.On the plus side there are water fountains everywhere! My advice would be to start with a one or two day pass and if you feel the need, you can upgrade to the next pass and just pay the difference once you have decided if you need the extra time. If your looking for a park in California I found universal studios amazing and interesting. I will not be returning to Disneyland ever. Disney sucks!!!! No one should ever go there!!!! We spent all day waiting in lines just to make it to the front and be told that the ride was out of commission and they would be shutting it down for an undisclosed amount of time. Our options were to wait or leave and come back later. This happened 4 times today and twice on the same ride! $80 per head and the most action we saw was the tram ride from the parking garage to the park. Save your money and never go to Disneyland!This park looks the same as it did when I went here forty years ago for the first time. I recently returned and was so disappointed that nothing had changed. I suppose that's what many people tend to like about it, but there are ways to spruce things up with out losing the charm. Looks like nothing has been done to update things. There are just so many people here, even on low days, that you can't enjoy yourself. Forget about getting any kind of bargains, that's not possible. It's so expensive to spend a day here that you have wonder how so many people can bring their children here for a holiday. Amazing. Everything went wrong! The longest lines on the planet earth. Dirty,smelly, people pushing and shoving to keep their places on an endless line with crying children. Stay at home and save your money! This place is hell on earth! They must pay their PR guys millions!Yesterday my wife & I visited Disneyland   our 2nd trip in 3 months. Last Nov. 2011 we paid over $600 for 2 annual passes. Our Nov. trip was cut short because the Park closed at 6pm for a Company party. Last night in 5 hrs we were able to go on 2 rides (over 2 hours of waiting) and 1 show (World of Color: 1 1 2 hrs waiting). The lines we horrible as rides & staff were reduced. I don't know how families can afford Disney's high prices for admission and food. I read recently that Disney Parks continue to be very profitable (year after year) and their executives are getting 10's of Millions of dollars in salary and bonuses. The entry fees increase every year (gotta keep paying those HUGE bonuses). I wonder if this is what Walt envisioned for his Park????There is no free hot water. How am I suppose to heat up a bottle of cold milk? Secondly, I almost made it past the security checkpoint with a pair of scissors because they had checked the bag and it was good but when I was listing the things I was carrying, I told them about a pair of scissors. They confiscated that. Now how am I suppose to cut up the food. I mean this is suppose to be a family friendly park. non stop fun, especially for the younger kids. I recommend small world, and toon townThe only things that were amazing was the price of admission and terrible food and the huge trashy crowd.  Nothing but a gaudy carnival with inappropriately sexualized images designed to appeal to childrenWe planned for many months and budgeted for our trip to take the kids to the one p,ace in the world that they have wanted to go for many years. Well that is the first mistake   actually think that Disneyland valued the safety of all of us and to put that above the almighty dollarWe reviewed and read and reread the reviews and also the beat times to try rides and also the tricks with early entry and fast pass. So far so good butunfortunately the only time that we could get there due to FF seats etc was Christmas and we attended Day 2 on boxing DayThis was a terrible call as the place was a zoo and the bean counters at Disneyland must have thought al of their Christmases had come at once as they jammed every person they could find (and who had a fistful of dollars to handover) into the parkWe waited for 2 and a half hours on the space mountain ride due to the fact that the ride broke down and by the time that we got off the ride the fast passes was providing times some 4 hours laterOne of the critical issues that we identified on this day was that emergency exits were blocked, there were no safety messages or announcements and in one case all exits were blocked, After the events of 9 11 and a major focus on emergency preparedness and response across the whole of the US I was absolutely gobsmacked at the inability of Disneyland to accommodate the most basic of HSE and proactive risk management strategies that I have observed even in thirld world countries.It is apparent that Disneyland put the almighty dollar before the safety of patronsLastly the message that I have is that you should never plan to go to Disneyland at Christmas instead try Knottsberry Farm which is better value, has (in my opinion) an excellent patron safety protocol and last of all puts patrons before revenueIf you go to Disneyland DO NOT ever go the day after Christmas or New Years Eve. Everyplace I have ever been has a maximum limit on admissions (not to say I'm special, I bought my tickets on line well in advance) but it seems that D Land thinks it is exempt   pack 'em in and make some bucks! If someone were to yell fire on New Years Eve the stampede would have been uncontrollable and surely someone and or children could have been trampled to death! With the cost of the tickets and how expensive everything in the park is I think we should all go to a different theme park   Sorry Disneyland but I think your time is done with and I will not ever go back.....(by the way   the fireworks on the day after Christmas had to be canceled because of the crowds   crowd vs. fire hazard, way to go Disney...)Disneyland has never disappointed me till last night . I bought an annual pass around 5 walked to the Disneyland gates only to get sent away to Cali adventures. I tried to explain I didn't come for California adventures I just came for Disneyland the cast members were so rude didn't help me just kept sending me to window after another window and when I asked if i'd be able to come back on a day my pass was blocked they answered with   I'm sorry nothing we can do  I just feel I should and everyone else from last night get a day they paid for back! something cause THEY MADE A LOT OF PEOPLE FEEL LIKE THEY DIDN'T MATTER !!! but they didn't have a problem taking my money ! I don't see why no one can help me !!!!! I know that the week between Christmas and New Year's is a very busy time for Disneyland and all the theme parks in southern California, so I expected long lines and thick crowds. It was much worse than I imagined! The crowds were so large that maneuvering around several areas required us to shuffle our feet slowly, watching for stroller wheels next to us, elbow to elbow with the other guests   literally. The wait times for the popular rides ranged from 90 minutes to 180 minutes. Yes, the staff was exceptional, as always, but it would have been an enjoyable visit if HALF as many guests had been admitted. Walt has been gone for many years and it appears to me that the current management errs on the side of greed rather than maintaining a good quality experience. I have lived my entire life within a couple hours drive of Disneyland in Anaheim   I have good memories of the place. After this miserable experience, I do not plan to ever visit again, unless they change their policies and practices. Oh, incidentally, we spent a total of $234 parking, getting in and eating   for just 2 people.We love, love, love Disney World (Orlando, FL) and have been several time during the peak times. We found Disney Land horrible! I am so disappointed that we wasted our time, money and energy on Disney Land! Despite the lights for Christmas   this place lacked any Magic whatsoever! It was so so so overcrowded   it was miserable. 120 min wait for rides and they stopped handing out fast passes.We have read that coming to Disney on Christmas would be a great experience for our family. Well, it was a great disappointment. Let's begin with it costs over $400.00 to get into Disney for a family of four, so for that price your expectations are allowed to be high. It was crowded, beyond belief, but hey its Christmas so that was expected. Our first stop was Space Mountain to get a Fast Pass time, ride broken. Our second stop was the Matterhorn, ride broken. Our third stop was Indiana Jones, ride broken. Our fourth stop was the Haunted House, ride broken. Need I say more? This is how our entire day went, no Fast Passes and almost all rides broken all day. Needless to say, we will not return. We recommend Universal, Knotts or something else, until Disney fires its ride engineers and learns how not to ruin Christmas for over 60,000 people. Bottom Line   Disney has some serious issues and the  Murphy's Law  excuse we got all day just does not cut it. We went to Disneyland on 11 20 11 when we arrived it was great, then the heavens opened and it was rained out. We thought we would still make the best out of it BUT Most of the rides were closed due to the rain, how does that happen? The staff were incredibly rude, we tried to go through a bag check (which was open) to get back to our shuttle, and the rude security officer  snapped  at us and told us to go through the one further up which made us have to walk further with a five and six year old soaking wet, we turned around and saw that they were then letting people out that way. They dont seem to have a plan when it is raining and the staff turn into the wicked step mother in Cinderella when it rains, they are just mean. I personally will not be going back to Disneyland for a very long time. Happiest place on earth................NOT, Walt Disney would NOT be happy.We went here with family and friends who were staff and had won tickets. Our 2 1 2 yr old was so looking forward to the visit and couldn't wait to trick and treat. She got dressed up in a spider oufit with a nice little pumpkin trick and treat bag eager to get some sweets. Our friends had told us we could enter the park at 5pm so we arrived at 5.30pm only to discover we couldn't enter until 6pm. Then we discovered we couldn't enter until 7pm as they were empting the park of the normal public so we could enter. This took forvever. I don't know what Disney were thinking of from doing this as it was a school night for American children and 7pm??? most kids would be getting ready for bed. Our little one was agitated, tired and eager to enter the park. When they finally let us in the gates we had to wait at Main Street for another 15 minutes....Well our little one was asleep by then and who could blame her. She missed everything she was eager to do and see all day so we just had our dinner and left......disgusted with Disney for this event.The lines for rides are too long. Yes, the fast passes help a little but standing in line for an hour  only to get a 5min ride is ridiculous. This was my 3rd trip and I feel like it keeps getting worse and longer. There's more people and less space and rides to go on. This could just be the days I've gone on but I think I'll be sticking to other parks that aren't as busy. I'm sure however if you're here with young impressionable children they will love it and not notice that. I'm just past the age where I can stomach this kind of work to reward ratio.We were at the Disneyland hotel park this weekend...it is really tough to navigate around due to all the construction. Also, while the park hotel members tell you that the Park is always under remodel   this is most construction I have ever seend and it is frustrating and hotel prices are extremely high along with the park...maybe a discount would be nice...Since the children were out of school and we were off work for the Holiday we decided to celebrate our grandchildren's 3rd and 6th birthdays at Disneyland, Anaheim on Dec. 27th! What a mistake that turned out to be. Along with a few hundred thousand other people our 16 hour day netted 4 rides total...yes FOUR for the whole day. The crowds were so brutal, navigating with 2 small children and our somewhat slow adult son with a developmental disability was nothing short of a bad dream! I would be hard pressed to recommend a trip to Disneyland during a holiday, but I suspect the crowds at any time would make it less than appealing! Disneyland has lost it's charm on me!Our 7 and 8 yrs old hated it and wanted to go back to the hotel's swimming pool. And as far as my wife and I were concerned, it was a true waste of money. We purchase a three day pass and did not want to go back on after the first day. Truly our kids begged us not to take them back there again. We met other parents who were feeling the same way. I think the park was filled with parents, who had their own childhood memories of Disneyland. We would never go back there again, and frankly, I was unable to give away our remaining 4 tickets to any of our friends.Rather than being the happiest place I'd say Disneyland in summer is more akin to Hell on Earth. We paid $420 for hopper tickets to both parks for four people. My wife and I couldn't be bothered with the massive queues for all the attractions whilst our more stoic teenage children threw themselves into it and managed four rides each all day. The place was heaving from opening to last thing at night ( we took the middle of the day off and returned in the evening hoping it would be quieter. Quite the reverse unfortunately). Unless you were willing to queue for up to an hour there was nothing to do but sit and watch the multitude shuffle by. No, forgive me, we did manage to see the animatronic Abraham Lincoln by which time I was coming over all John Wilkes Booth. Absolutely horrible. As Theme Parks go Universal is so much better and infinitely classier. To end on a positive, a big thumbs up to the oven baked pizzeria in Downtown Disney. A beacon of yumminess on an otherwise dismal and expensive day.We went for one day and I have to say, it was awful. We've been to the parks in Florida multiple times and absolutely love them. Disneyland was a stark contrast. Absurdly crowded, awful wait times, insensitive staff, and completely overpriced. You shouldn't have to pay over $100 per ticket to only get to ride 2 or 3 rides. With an average wait time of over 90 minutes the kids were ready to kill one another. We will never be back.I texted my friend saying we've been at Disneyland for 6 hours and haven't riden a ride yet!First the line line for tickets,then told to line up here for a lanyard. they say hurray to each of the rides you want to ride to get a fast pass ticket. Theres a line there too. Then the rides breakdown. Then the way they hurd you in for the World of Color show is like we were a bunch of cattle. Then after waiting with the hurd for the show you don't even get a place to sit. You stand like a hurd of cattle.After visiting Disneyland annually we were so disappointed this year. It was shoulder to shoulder crowds   you could barely walk through the park much less get on a ride. The rides would say 60 minute wait but ended up taking nearly 2 hours! We WAITED IN LINE to get a fastpass for Star Tours first thing in the morning and the ticket was for 11:oo pm (yes   11:00 at night) making it impossible to use fast passes the rest of day. We waited in line to board the bus to the parking lot at the end of the day too! Disney California was just as crowded. It was a zoo and the stroller people were so RUDE   using the strollers as weapons to push through the crowds. We for the first time in 25  years of going hated our day in Disneyland   how very, very sad! We went on a Wednesday!! We are hearing it's even worse on weekends   could this be possible?? It will be a long while before we return. So much for a recession   you'd never know it in Disneyland.First, let me say, I love Disneyland, BUT...we went on a Tuesday (June 7th), and the crowds were a nightmare... this is the first time I've been to Disneyland where I wanted to leave as soon as I went through the main gates... But, I forged ahead, since my son was with me and wanted to go. People were packed into the park like sardines, it was just awful. We have Socal Passports, and maybe that's part of the problem! Like others, I think there are too many local people visiting for only half the day... and it's making this a miserable place! Time to stop selling annual passes, since it's no fun to go anyways, 9 times out of 10. Please, Disneyland, do SOMETHING about overcrowding... we were there for 7 hours and we went paddling on the canoes, went on Pirates (although it did break down in the middle of the ride) ... and Autopia w Fastpasses and that's it. Everything else that I saw... easily 45 min waits, if not more. What else... we didn't want to wait 2 hours for Star Tours (Fastpass was sold out) so we missed that... Big Thunder Mt.(my fave ride)  CLOSED for the day... I did enjoy the tostada I ate for lunch though... so one highlight! Maybe this was just a peak day for crowds, although we also went in March on a Wednesday and it was almost as bad. It's really a joke going when it's this crowded. And I felt very sorry for everyone who came from out of state!I have loved Disney for as long as I can remember  my house is decorated Disney style, I know the parks like the back of my hands   I am known as Tink around town.....you get the picture. We paid $40 per plate to see this show up close. Not only was the service at the restaurant terrible  we received our entrees before our drinks  but we were given wrong information about when we could get in for our reserved  standing spots  that we could see very little of the show. Unlike Fantasmic, most of the show is down low on the water  which if you are tall you wont have a problem but if you are on the short side or have children you will not be able to see unless you are first in line. They open at 7:30 for the early showing   we were told to go at 8:15. With priority standing  $40 dinners you get to be let in with all the other priority diners  it is a free for all!!!! Don't get a late dinner. You are better off getting a fast pass   get one first thing in the morning as soon as the park opens and save your money. The bridge going to Ariels grotto is a good viewing spot. Get against the rail if you are short!!! The attraction is a five the priority seating is a rip off!Disneyland has proven to be all about getting your money and NOT caring if you have a good time.It is no cheaper in the off season, but more rides are closed due to refurbishment. More rides were closed than what they listed on their website, and when we got there, more rides were closed than listed at the front gate.We went at 10am and were done with Disneyland by 4pm   we'd even ridden our favorite rides a couple of times.So, you can go in the off season and  maybe  have less people, but also less rides (your favorites may be closed). Or go in season and wait hours to ride the rides.We contacted Disneyland after we returned home because we had such a horrible time, and they did not care one bit. We wanted some of our money back because so many rides were closed, and Disneyland said  no . They said we could have enjoyed the rides that were actually open, so no discount. Our disappointment did not matter to them.We might go back, maybe once every ten years?My family has been traveling to Disneyland for vacations for over 40 years. This was the worst trip ever.I have been during the so called busy times such as spring break and Christmas and summertime many times before. My visit on April18 19 2011 was just awful. It was so crowded that in the two days we spent there we were only able to make it halfway around the park. Lines for rides were over an hour long and it took forever to walk anywhere cause it was shoulder to shoulder people. What a complete waste of time and money. My kids hate Disneyland now cause they had such an bad experience.My daughter her fiance and myself visited Disneyland in August last year in August, very very very disappointed!!! We live in Australia (Brisbane),so as you know we traveled a long long long way to visit Disneyland our plan was really just to visit Los Angeles as l am a huge huge huge huge Michael Jackson fan,but we thought we cannot go all the way to America and not visit Disneyland so we bought a 2 day park hopper thinking that we would need that long!!! We did not even stay 1 day,we were staying at Ho Jo across the road,that hotel was just alright have stayed in better. So any ways as we said very disappointed,very very over rated,the second day we were suppose to go back to Disneyland we opted out and paid for the day tour back to Los Angeles and did the Wax musuem and half day shopping trip instead that was a good tour our tour bus driver (Alex) was fantastic.We live not far from Gold Coast in Australia and our (One) off theme park Dreamworld and White Water Mountain is WAY WAY WAY better.I recommend that park to anyone even people who live in America.But hey do not get me wrong l absolutely LOVE LOVE America,Los Angeles is the most best place to visit.My father and myself are visiting again in September this year 2011,and cannot wait this will be my fathers first time to America so l will be going back to Disneyland again but will do it as my dad wants to visit,but we will be staying at the Fairfield Inn Marriott this time,looks better then HO Jo,when we went last year we ate at MiMi's cafe loved it will be eating there again this year!!! I recommend who ever reads this that if you ever get an opportunity to visit Australia visit Dreamworld you will not be disappointed!!!!!I purchased our tickets for Disneyland online before arriving in California. This was the biggest waste of money EVER! Disney was SO CROWDED you could barely move. People have those ridiculous double wide strollers and (they should be outlawed), I don't know how they even get around the park with them. We were there ALL DAY and was only able to go on 3 rides total. The lines were CRAZY and people were line jumping and there wasn't any way to stop them. The people who work there weren't friendly. There was NOTHING magical about this experience AT ALL. My two kids (age 7 and 10) were MISERABLE and had we not spent a FORTUNE on the admission tickets, we would have turned around and gone back to our hotel. We met other people who had planned on going and we talked them out of it. What a disaster!Disney World in Florida is far nicer, larger, cleaner, etc.Sorry to say that Disney has not thought this one through at all. You must either get there very early or you miss 80 % of the shows effects, buying the picnic or dining package helps none whatsoever. Truthfully, at least 60 70 % of the people see only the tops if the fountains, but disney put 80% of the show very low on the sprays, just like Fantasmic. Let Fantasmic be the projector on the sprays show and World of Color be only tall shooting fountains, lights and lasers. If they feel they must have the show be so low in the water, then those who bought reserved dining option should be in front without having to line up just as early as those who bought nothing. There is NO perk to buying the meal. yes it says you can start lining up 30 60 min's before the show, we lined up 35 minutes before and got the back. The right way is to have the reserved areas for those buying either dining option sit near the front, eliminating the need to line up 1 hour before the show. THAT should be the perk.Is stupid that they close the best ride in the park, California Screamin' for this poorly thought out show.To be fair, if you line up very early, you probably get a great view. If you do not, do not even bother! Go ride Tower of Terror instead.My family is not wealthy by any means, but we wanted to take my kids to Disneyland. We finally arranged a trip to California and Disney was the main goal. We got there at opening time and there is way too much gimmicky overpriced stores to have to walk thru to get to the rides. Then when it comes time to wait in line for a ride, prepare for a standing wait of up to an hour or more. My son is severely handicapped. By noon the park was so crowded, he was gettng jostled, pushed, shoved. We finally found where to get a large stroller but with the crowds it was next to impossible to push the stroller thru. The lowlite of the day was when we went on the Haunted Mansion ride. There were so many people crowded into the ride that I couldnt see or hear what was going on. At one point, people are told to hop onto some moving cars to continue on to the end of the ride. There were 4 of us in the group. My mother and other son managed to get on a car. My son and I were being left behind and it was EXTREMELY hazardous for my son with a paralyzed leg to  hop  onto a moving car that is in water. As I saw my mother and other child disappearing, I THREW my handicapped child into an already occupied car and jumped into it AS IT MOVED. Then I angrily told the female attendant  THIS BOY IS DISABLED . at which time she shrugged and said  WELL, YOU DIDNT TEL ME . There is no way I could have told her anything because of the crowd and noise level in the room. I sat there thru the rest of the ride and cried, my arms shaking. Totally ruined my trip to be mistreated and have my son at risk. Many rides at Disneyland are old and outdated, with tinny music and dirty cars. The crowd level is dangerous and ridiculous. The prices are way too high. But mostly, I give this park a THUMBS DOWN for special needs people.Okay, I admit it... I just don't get it. I took my 7 year old godson for his first visit and even he was disappointed. We went on a Monday and got there at 8:30a.m. Our nearly 9 hours in the park included more than 5 hours in line (including 2 fast passes), and less than 40 minutes actually experiencing the 7 attractions we managed to get on. We might have had an extra 5 minutes of attraction if they hadn't closed Space Mountain just as we were walking up for our fast pass time. Late in the day I asked my little friend if he wanted to take a break for dinner and then go on more rides and he said, I'd rather go home if it's okay with you. There are just too many people.  And I didn't say one negative word to him about our day either during or after. My impression as a first time visitor... The Happiest Place on Earth is a grinding, exhausting place full of mostly unhappy people trudging between lines who become animated only when they are screaming on a roller coaster.I'll start by saying that we live in Southern California and are annual pass holders. We have been to Disneyland and California Adventure approximately 15 times this year. This was our last time to go before our annual passes expired. We started the day by riding the California Screamin roller coaster. No complaints here. It was fun and entertaining. My seven year old loved it. After a few more rides we wound up in Disneyland searching for something to eat. That's when we stumbled into the recently renovated Village Haus restaurant. We ordered our food at the counter and sat down to eat. I inspected my hamburger and noticed the patty was cold with a wierd bluish gray color. My impression was it was a frozen patty that had been thawed under a heat lamp and slapped on a hamburger bun. The lettuce was yellowish with small brown spots on it. The fries were cold and soggy, resembling wet noodles. I had serious thoughts about taking it back, but what do you say? Excuse me, can you take this hamburger back because it's looks totally disgusting? I picked the nasty lettuce off and reluctantly ate as much of the hamburger that I could stand before I left the rest on my paper covered basket. My seven year old boy got the kids hamburger meal. It was rediculously small resembling more of a biscuit than a hamburger. It was made up of a tiny bun with a small cold gray meat patty resting inside. There were no condiments or anything even on the side. His fries were cold and soggy. He actually ate the hamburger, which surprised my wife and I, but when he was done, he complained that he was still hungry. I felt bad for my son that he was still hungry. It doesn't take much to fill up a seven year old boy and he's still hungry! Are you kidding! Now to my other son. He ordered a kids pizza meal. It was the smallest excuse for a pizza I've ever seen. Come on Disney! You've spent a couple thousand dollars this year for season passes, parking, food, and enternainment. You provide the best entertainment in the world and I have to feed my family this gross crap. We left hungry and disgusted. Since this was our last day to use our season passes before they expired, my wife and I were debating on renewing our passes. This experience made us decide to let our passes expire. I left the park feeling irritated and totally ripped off.Myself, along with my two chidren ages 8 and 17 visited Disneyland California from December 15   21. We experienced a half day of reasonable weather on Dec. 15, and thereafter the heavens opened up, and it poured, like nothing we had experienced before, for the next 5 days straight. The main problem with this, is that there is extremely little drainage in the entire Disneyland Park. This made for small lake size pools of water throughout the Park. The huge deluge of water everywhere in the Park, for days on end, also caused approximately fifty per cent of the rides to be closed at any given time, for the duration of our holiday. Not good, when you have paid several thousand dollars, for a family Disneyland vacation, during Christmas. This was extremely disappointing, to my two children, and myself. Disneyland gave guests no compensation for operating at approximately fifty per cent functionality. I find this business practice to be completely unethical. Also, when I asked various Disney employees, why they were closing numerous rides, they dismissed me, walking straight past me, without speaking. Very arrogant and rude. This was our fifth and last trip to Disneyland California. In the future, we will choose a holiday destination, where we will be treated decently, and where the weather is more predictable.Just returned from Disney and it gets worse every time I go. I think the Disney company has lost sight of what the park was supposed to be: Fun. There is a sign at the end of Mainstreet USA that indicates the wait time for the  major  attractions. By shortly after lunch: space mountain: 120 min, pirates: 90 min, indiana jones: 100 min, etc... how is this fun? The shortest of these rides was a wait time of 70 min. We talked to a park official and he indicated 88000 for the day we attended. We rushed through the gates at 8am and ran straight to Indiana Jones and were told the ride is down come back later. We then ran to Space Mountain, lined up, got on the ride, our car started to move, lights came on, announcement: ride is malfunctioning and you are being evacuated; ride broken come back later. Back to Indiana Jones: still broken. As they day went on we got on some of the rides. The crowd grew. As the parade was about to start we were accosted by rude staff as we attempted to walk to Fantasyland and were told we need to be moving in a counter clockwise direction to walk there which amounted to around the whole park which didn't make any sense since we were about 50 yards from the castle? Way too full. If there is over an hour wait on EVERY major ride there is a problem. Not enough attractions? Too many people? Bad crowd control? Not pleasurable at all. Is this what Walt wanted?And I won't even start on $8.10 for a sandwich!This review probably won't even reach the web. I swear the bad reviews are filtered by the rat himself. It makes no sense to me that sooo many people give this place good reviews. We were at Disneyland on 12 27 and 12 28 2010. Turns out so were 80,000 fellow suckers. I cannot fathom why so many people would subject themselves to waiting in line for $80 per person per day. We waited an hour to park, a half hour to board the shuttle buses to drop us in line to wait another 1 2 hour to get into the park, only to be herded down main street to enter one of many excruciatingly long ride lines. One of which exceeded 2 hours for the 2:42 min. duration Space Mountain ride unbelieveable. (First time we tried to ride Space Mt. we waited for 1 2 hr only to be told by Space Commander Tom that the ride was down and  check back later in the day to see if it was up and running.  This happened to us on the Indiana Jones ride as well, but thankfully we had just shuffled into line when that news was dropped on us.)We got a great deal with plane flight, hotel and rental car, but I kept thinking of the foreign suckers that shelled out probably twice what I did to enter the rat trap. Tokyo $1,600, France $800...Hopefully they got deals like we did, but can you imagine hauling 4 people halfway across the globe to basically wait in line at the  Happiest place on Earth?  (It's like political talking points If you float it out there, many will actually believe it without looking into it guilty.)On the second day we were considering leaving at noon to take the kids to the beach (my idea), but I was voted down. I would have loved to see the kids be able to run in the sand instead of stand in line ride on my worn out shoulders again. I have read another review of a guy that  enjoyed spending time in line with the family chit chatting.  (Hey Scandanavian Donald from Newport, I'll flip the bill for your whole family to return to Disney if you can send me a video of your family just  chit chatting  in line for 2:15 hrs.)I know there are ways to beat the crowds (fast passes you're only allowed one per family at a time and they sell out by around 10am), but I shouldn't have to work the system when I'm paying $80 for a ticket. Disney owes its customers to alleviate the crowds by limiting the number of people through the gate or putting all that revenue to work and create a thinktank to streamline the process.Bottom line Ask your friends about their experiences. We sprung it on the kids on Christmas morning so I didn't spread it around with fear that the cat would get out. On my return two co workers said,  You should have asked me, I would have told you it was going to suck.  And suck it did.horrible experince with my three year old daughter. It was so crowded there were even lines to get into gift shops. I did not bother trying to make my daughter wait 2 hours in line for the peter pan ride.disney obviously pays the fire department to look the other way in terms of overcrowding. Walt is turning in his grave seeing his guests treated like this: squeezing the life out of them for every penney to maximize profit.they pay their employees so badly that only overweight desperate grandmas in need of income will work there. they dont even look at you and smile. they are too buzy being depressed.We visited Disneyland today, my wife, myself and my 3 year old son attended.I don't know where the park managers get the idea that they can safely pack the number of people in to the park that they do and have any degree of safety.The management obviously has not a care for their patrons' fun or enjoyment either. The wait for anything was at minimum an hour to ninety minutes with SO many more people than the park was ever designed to deal with..The place was obviously designed for maybe 20% of the number of people who they actually let in.It seems that the only thing the park wants is money, nothing else.The Parking was exceptionally expensive, the tickets were exceptionally expensive, and what did we get for it? There were no employees on the grounds, except ones selling things or palpably miserable overworked minimum wage teenagers running the rides.We left in disgust after 2 and a half hours of misery, nothing could salvage ANY part of the experience. It was literally the worst time I have ever had at a park like this, and there was nothing special going on, IT'S ALWAYS this bad!Save your money and your time, go elsewhere, Universal City Walk is much much nicer, less crowded, cost less and was more modern. They could not pay me to go back here.First, this is the only review I have ever written  I have noticed that Disneyland has felt less and less personal the past few times we have gone (we are southern Cal. residents). It seems that what was once a well oiled machine, has become very robotic and cold (not to mention $$$$$). Number one: Beware of the guy at the nearby Marriott (an employee of Disney) who sells the tickets to Disneyland. We had three families all staying there to avoid morning traffic as we were to meet an entire kindergarten class the next morning. We all bought our tickets at different times, however when we met up for dinner, we had all been sold three day tickets, and we were all baffled at how masterful the guy was at talking us up before we knew it. Had it only happened to one of us, you could say it was just one of us being gullible, but all three of us? Number two: Part of the scam was that we (each) asked if it was reasonable to go to the California Adventure for the light show (since we had a night to fill). Without any mention of anything extra needed, we were sold these three day things so we could view the show. He told us the time of the show, but neglected to tell us that a fast pass is required (and those are gone by mid morning usually)  So, we all have our $$$ 3Day passes, and keep our 10 very young children up late by going to a very loud restaurant on Disney Way (all restaurants had long waits). Then, we go into the Disney Adventure to see the light show, and we just keep getting ushered down a street by  cast members  with flashlights...We think we are being ushered to the show, but after tremendous amounts of walking with now very tired children, we figure out (by asking one of the wavers on) that we can't see the show without a Fast Pass (we did not know what that was). Even though there was PLENTY of room behind a rope surrounding the edges of the street, we were not allowed to either go inside the rope to watch or even stop where we were standing. I don't know if you can imagine, but three Moms and ten tiny children at 9:30PM walking endlessly, and being told they cannot stand for a moment. One Mom stood for a minute with her child to get a glimpse, and security was called. When we promised not to stand, the followed us from behind a little, making sure we kept moving. Needless to say, we were all furious that were sold 3 Day passes only to miss the whole reason we bough them  A pure scam. Number three: Disney Customer Relations: After all this, I at least wanted my money back for the night we just walked and were not allowed to do anything in the Park. The customer service was the worst I have ever encountered. Instead of acting sympathetic, they were cynical and argumentative. The person I spoke with loved to talk, and would give long explanations for why they actually did nothing wrong. After two separate conversation, and then asking for a supervisor, I again found the same defensive and unhelpful, unaccommodating attitude. It was as though they had memorized scripts. It was a very big disappointment to us all.Went to Disneyland with the kids at Easter time and it was so crowded you couldn't see 2 feet in front of you. The wait to get any food in the park was as long as half an hour at the little snack stands and several hours at any of the sit down restaurants. The lines at the attractions were generally 75 minutes or so, and even when we got fast passes first thing in the morning, we couldn't do the ride til 9:30 at night. Some of the rides, like space mountain, were completely out of fast passes. We waited in line for HOURS and then when we finally got on the ride, it was...nothing. A roller coaster in complete darkness. Long lines at the Matterhorn for a sad little roller coaster with really hard seats that trundled past a shopworn  abominable snowman  and some plastic  ice crystals . Totally out of date and crummy. At California Adventure, we thought we'd get to ride the big roller coaster, but it was shut down for the day, no refunds. Same with the big ferris wheel. Not much else to do there for kids older than 9 except for the Tower of Terror (truly terrifying, a good ride if you like that kind of thing) and the Drop Zone ride, same thing as Tower of Terror only outdoors. On teh other hadn, Universal Studios was not crowded, fun, hip, and completely entertaining, with great shows, amazing stunts and fun rides.The food inside the park was such a disappointment. Fried, gross, only two choices for salad dressings. All the places are cafeteria style, no relaxation, we tried a different place every day for four days and never found one single place we would go back to. If you like county fair food for your whole trip you won't be disappointed.I jusat returned from a trip to Disneyland with my three boys. We went in Christmas day and it was a nightmare. It was so crowded it took nearly 2 hours to get on most of the rides. I was so disappointed after a few hours we decided to leave. It was so hard to even push my stollar though the park and it took nearly 35 minutes to get a corn dog from some vendor. It seemed like the park just let in as many people as possible without any concern for anyone other than profits.Friday night at 7 pm, unbelievably crowded in  Downtown Disney . I was a single person visiting. the moral of this story is don't go to this resort if you're single. I first went to a Cajun Restaurant, Ralph Brennans. I was told there was only room for at the bar, although I saw several vacant tables. The hostess didn't have to courtesy to look to see that the bar was already completely full.The House of Blues restaurant was completely closed for a special event. Every other restaurant had at least a 45 minute wait, up to 1.5 hours. At this point it was 8pm.. I was ravenous. I returned to the Napa Rose restaurant, inside the Resort. Again, empty tables all around, but I was told I would have to eat at the packed bar. There were two chairs and I would be smashed together with strangers, but I was starving. 15 minutes passes, a waiter didn't even make eye contact me. I was furious. I went to the hostess and asked if there was ROOM SERVICE at the resort, and they said yes. I lodged a stern complaint with the manager of the Restaurant. First, it was obvious I was being denied a table because I was a single, and the restaurants didn't want to lose out on more revenue. Second, the resort is HORRIBLY unprepared for this volume of guests for dinner. The manager was nice enough to comp my room service dinner, but heck whats the point of going to Disneyland to eat by yourself in your room?If you're going on a busy weekend, be prepared for a LONG wait for dinner, rude service people and huge crowds. My first night on a group tour, I was so bummed I didn't go to the first night event. I would actually like to check out early. Disneyland is not for singles, and the group that invited me made it appear we would be accomodated for.one of the most overblown  family  destinations I've had the displeasure to visit.  Be prepared to stand in long lines, the hot sun in summer and pay thru the nose for everything except bathroom use.We tried to enjoy our two days at Disneyland, but everything kept breaking down. We waited forever to get on Splash Mountain, and when we finally got on the log, the ride broke down after a couple minutes and we were told we would have to get off and climb down. Then the Indiana Jones ride broke down, the Peter Pan ride was under construction, there was an hour wait to meet Tinker Bell, and even just buying a snack on the street took twenty minutes. This was only day one. For myself, and my two kids, it was a $600 weekend, and it was definately not worth the time or the money. I requested getting some of our money refunded due to all the mechanical problems, but they said no and gave us an extra fast pass. The soaring California ride at California Adventure was beautiful!I really don't see what all the fuss is about,I cannot belive all these reviews saying how fantastic this place is. I can only imagine they are putting something in the overpriced food and drinks.I went with my family in April and found it dreadful.We had tickets as part of a pack but when we got to the end of the line we were rudely sent back to the ticket purchase booth to change the voucher into a ticket.There were very long queues for everything but you could put your ticket in a machine that gave you a slot later in the day   everyone we tried gave a time 6 hours ahead !.My daughter wanted to see 'Captain Jack Sparrow' who was there but we were turned away just before we got to the end of the line 'as her had to go on his lunch break'. Now don't get me wrong but it wasn't Johnnie Depp, with the prices that Disney are charging couldn't they have two !All the staff gave a very bored fixed smile but at the end of the day treated everybody with distain and 'guests' were just pushed along without any sincerity.Numerous rides were not working or temporarily out of order.Going back to California next year and will definately be avoiding this place.Recommend San Diego Animal Park, San Diego Zoo or Universal Studios instead !It hurts my heart to dis Disneyland. I got to go here for my birthday the year after it opened. It is a part of my childhood, my teen years (dates and grad night); part of my child's childhood, and a place I could not wait to bring my only granddaughter to. OK I'm done. I will never step foot in the place again. Broken rides: Pirates, Indiana Jones, Splash Mtn or Thunder Mt.   whatever   down off and on all week end.Monolithic Crowds: it was impossible to walk two steps without tripping over a stroller. Great, heaving , sticky, sweating, tattooed, pierced, and sunburned masses.Fast Pass: a complete joke   worthless worthless worthless   don't bother. They make it so complicated   you can't reserve fast pass tickets for more than one ride at a time. What the use is that? The return time for the Indiana Jones ride was 11:50 to 12:50 PM   and we were at the kiosk at 4:00 PM!!!! We're supposed to come back at nearly mid night? What a joke.Lines: horrific. hours and hours waiting in lines. Fortunately, we stayed at one of the hotels (that's a whole 'nother Oprah) and could get into the park at 7:00 am   the only way I was able to take my g daughter on the Nemo ride   and even then it was a 30 minute wait   with only hotel guests there! Could not get near the thing during regular hours. Fuggeddabougit.Food: breakfast from the place across from the Nemo ride   no problem. Fine. Grab a egg bacon cheese croissant and stuff chunks into the kids as you wait in the Nemo line. Calif Adventure   had mexican food that was virtually inedible   microwaved burrito that was like eating shoe leather. Food in the parks   very chancey. Eat anywhere else but here.Ambience: not crisp, well groomed and perfectly maintained as it used to be. Looks tired and run down. One never saw a leaf out of place or a square inch of chipped paint years ago.The Disney Princesses: worth their weight in gold. Sweetest, most adorable girls on the planet. Just darling. They embody the perfection and fantasy Walt intended. Just enchanting.The Throw Up Rides at Calif Adventure: forget D land unless you have 3 year olds and head straight for C A. The Calif Screamin roller coaster is a good thrill. You feel like you've been shot out of a cannon. Skip the Ferris Wheel   even a 6 year old knows boring when she sees it, and she could not get off this worthless contraption fast enough. Nice strolling, wide open spaces and good ambience, though. Conclusion: save your money and head for Orlando. Now that's a party waiting to happen. Lots going on other than Disneyworld, which is much better than the Calif original. Lots more real estate to spread out over   it's a whole different world built for one purpose and one purpose only   PAR TAY!!!When I got back to the hotel room every day, I stood under the hottest shower I could stand and scrubbed myself all over twice with a stiff loofa. The only way to get off what my daughter called:  :Park Build Up : SPF 45, sweat, cotton candy residue, bbq turkey leg grease... well, you get my drift. Orlando   think Orlando (but not in June, July or August!!!). Cheers!Having been born, raised, and lived in Southern California for most of my life, Disneyland was an institution visited regularly. This year, my daughter is approaching her 7th birthday, so we decided to take her to Disneyland for a Christmas gift. Once the decision for the gift was made, we had to decide on the day. December 26th!!! We were told by many that the park would not be as crowded as a few days past Christmas. They were DEAD wrong!!!We arrived at the park @ 10am only an hour and a half past it's opening time. The main parking lot was already full and we were directed to overflow parking. This provided us with a half mile brisk morning walk before we could even get to the ticket booths and purchase tickets. After plopping down $500 to get the family in to the park, we were promptly greeted with a crowd size of such magnitude I couldn't believe it. I have never seen so many people in one place at one time. Many of the people that (cough, cough) inadvertenetly bumped in to us were SoCal locals. One nice lady attempted to run my mother in law down with her stoller and when asked to be more careful, politely responded with  F*** you!  And a Merry Chistmas to you too! The most polite people we found were the ones who didn't even live near the park. We met a nice Seattle family, who like us, we quite astonished at the attitudes of those around us.So, we spent a total of 6.5 hours in the park. The little ones were so tired of standing in lines that they got to ride on 3 rides each. The big kids (myself included, wink wink) were able to make it on to 5 rides. Is it worth what we spent? I say NO! In fact, my wife and I agree on one thing, if we never see Disneyland again, neither of us will shed one tiny tear.Maybe Disney ought to take some business advice from some much smaller businesses like Snow Summit and the likes. Sell only enough tickets to make money and still allow your guests a great day! Until that day, this family will never set foot back in the  Happiest Place on Earth  and boy is that a subjective statement.My husband and I don't have children, but we thought we would still at least have fun. That can't be farther from the truth. We went to Disney on Saturday, May 19th, only to find out that the park was closing early due to a  special event , which turned out to be the premier of the Pirates of the Caribbean   3. We opted to pay the $83.00 to get into Disney and California Adventure   another mistake.When we walked into Disney, there was a red carpet all down main street and people sitting around in sleeping bags, chairs, etc. and you could barely walk around. It was not possible to cross the street because of the press hoopla and the red carpet. Then, as we made our way through Disney, many different sections were closed because of the  special event'. Several of the rides were closed and the lines for those that were open were ridiculous. I went into one of the gift shops and asked the lady at the counter if it was always this busy and she said this was nothing and that typically, you can barely walk around. Ugh. We paid a regular priced admission, but did not have access to the entire park and the park closed early. Granted we don't have kids, but this experience has completely turned us off on any future Disney visits. Even if we have kids in the future, we won   t go back.We traveled from Indiana to go to Disney.The park is much smaller than Florida. The lines are unbearable. No kidding   we waited 90 mins then got out of line at Space Mountain.The food is extreemly expensive and the workers could care less.The park is so over crowed that literally had people bumping into us all day long.The ride lines are unbelievable. Attaractions are simply awefullGet ready to spend $600 $700 for a family of four for two days (without hotel).Disney is a once in a lifetime visit. It's too expensive and to crowed to go more than once.Very Disapointed.This was the first and last time my wife and I will travel to Disneyland . Service was incredibly terrible and people decided to quit working in the middle of the day. A freind of ours came with us. He had older Disney world tickets that were good at disneyland. A member of guest relations had to come and take his card and read it on another computer to make sure it was valid. we waited for 1 2 hour before someone came to take his card. In the meantime I went to guest services and asked for someone to help us. The response I got was  it's not my job . another response I got from an employee when trying to get help was  that Sucks!  and then that employee walked away. Large portions of the park were closed off for no apparent reason preventing us from even leaving the park. It made walking through the park incredibly difficult. All but 3 rides closed down at 9:00 in disneyland each night even though the park didn't close till either midnight or 11:00pm. When in line for big thunder mountain one evening we were ready to get on the train when an announcement came over the loud speaker proclaiming that they were closing the ride for the night. They just decided to quit running the ride even though people had waited 1 2 hour to an hour to get on. A lady next to me asked about her fast passes and the responnse by the employee was that they could get another one tomorrow. We tried to get on the sailing ship columbia one afternoon. A large signed proclaimed  last cruise: 5:45 . It was 5:15 so we attempted to get on and the man working the ride told us sorry we are closed for the day. This is not the type of service that I expect from Disney.Stay out of Toon Town at all costs! My husband took both my children (3 and 5 years old) into Mickey's house for a meet and greet. There was no line or sign outside posting a wait time however he waited inside Mickey's house for over an hour in a dark narrow hall way filled with tired children and parents. There were no cast members around and the Exits were not clearly marked. He ended up moving some props to find an Exit and lead a small exodus to freedom. All the while I sat in Mickey's garage with 8 other abandoned spouses making desperate cell phone calls to our missing families. The streets were lined 3 deep with abandoned Disneyland rental strollers. The entire place smelled of boiled hot dogs. I loved the rest of Disneyland and feel very strongly that the  Imagineers  who created Toon Town should be shamed into becoming grounds clean up workers.We visited Disneyland during the 50th Anniversary Celebration and for me it was very disappointing. We visited on February 20 22. We purchased the 3 day parker hoppers so we could visit Disneyland and California Adventure. This was the first visit for my girls who at 7 and 4 were very excited about visiting Disney. We took out 7 year old out of school for a few days and thought February would be a good time to visit and we might just avoid the huge crowds that converge on Disney during the summer months. Well, we were wrong. It seems that there isn't a really good time to visit and avoid the huge crowds. Our first day was a Monday and it was a holiday so we expected them to be crowded since school was out. The following Tuesday and Wednesday were not any better. Seems a lot of other people had the same idea. The only times we were able to ride any of the rides were first thing in the morning. By noon it was impossible to get on any ride without having to wait well over 45 minutes to an hour. Certain rides did have the Fast Pass which did work well but that is only used for certain rides and even then is not always used. There is a line for everything at Disneyland and California Adventure. You wait in a line to have your bags checked before you even enter the park. On the third day the line was really long. Once you enter the park you have to wait in a line to show them your ticket. Once inside the park the lines really start. You wait in a large, crowded group line at Main Street for the actual rides to open. Then when they open there is a mad dash my grown ups with small children and strollers to get to the rides. If your not careful you could be run over. On our visit we knew at least 2 rides would be closed. On the first day we got in line for the Matterhorn only for them to close it as we were walking up because of some problem. We finally got to ride it on the 3rd day but heard later that same day that it was closed again. Spash Mountain was not running the first 2 days, finally at the end of our 3rd day we saw it was running. We eventually were able to ride some of the rides that we wanted to ride. It is just very frustrating and almost like work instead of fun to go on the rides. Even trying to ride the kiddy rides was difficult. We waited for at least 30 40 minutes to ride the tea cups, which my little girls enjoyed very much. I just wondered if the 4 grown men in line ahead of us enjoyed it too. Grown ups waiting in lines for rides that are for small children, I just did not understand. The worst part was probably the very rude people. People who would crowd in front of you so they could get a better view of a parade or a character. They would push their kids right in front of other kids who had been standing in a line to see one of the characters. We stood in a line for about 25 30 minutes for my girls to get a picture and autograph from Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty. They did get there picture and autograph but I had to point out to this one man where the line started. Had I not done that my girls would have missed out since the princesses had to leave after seeing my girls. People started lining up along the street at 6:00 for the parade that started at 7:15. We sat a table near Main Street about 30 45 mins and started out with a pretty good view of where the parade would pass by. Just as the parade was getting ready to start, people tried to crowd us out of where we had been sitting. Trying to push their children in front of us, pulling the chairs away from where we had been sitting and even standing on the table. And then these same people were overheard complaining because their children could not see the parade. There were way to many people, the food was overpriced, the Cast Members were not very friendly and we hardly ever saw any of them smile. From my memory of visiting when I was a child it sure seemed to be a lot nicer place to visit. For the price that we paid we came away very disappointed it what we got for our money. It seems the only thing that is important at Disneyland is money. It seems that no one cares about it anymore. Trash in the water, bathrooms smelled and paper and trash in the streets. I'm glad that my girls got to visit Disneyland but it will be a long while before we ever return again. It was just not a very good experience for us. Think twice about spending your money on Disney.I had previous wonderful experiences there, but there were soooo many people that you could hardly move, could not enjoy anything wonderful there. Disneyland is probably only after the all important buck, instead of enjoyment for their Customers. Numerous rides broke and when they reopened there was only one or two employees to control the Kaos for the line. We even had the Fast Pass equipment break. My family and I may never go back and that is a shame!August 4, 2005Hello I am a single mom (widow). I have one son, (married with an 8 year old son of his own) and two teenage girls. My children wanted to go to Magic Mountain, but I suggested Disneyland. Since I wasn't sure if my grandson could go on most of the rides at the other theme park. And I used to love Disneyland. Big mistake on my part. Let me start with admission prices,  way overpriced  I paid $438.00 for 7 adults and 1 child. My daughters took 2 friends. Over $250.00 on just snacks, bottled waters, and dinner.And that does not include the money that my son and his wife spent. I couln't even afford to get my kids a souvenir this year. But that is not the worst of it. We spent most of our day waiting in line. There should be some kind of limit on how many people are allowed into the park. I know the Disney Corp. really doesn't care. All they are concerned about is raking in the money. They do not care how miserable people are spending most of their day waiting in lines, for snacks attractions, rides, food, and even the restroom. Well I was very disappointed this year. It will be a long time if ever before we go back to Disneyland. It just keeps getting worse every year. More expensive, too many people. I am sorry but it was not the happiest place on earth for myself and my children.This is not about what Disneyland is for everybody. That is a fact.We knew about the off school seasson we were visitng it, sorry there were no other time for us, even more, We knew about some loose time and delays in the operation of some attraction, but it couldn be worst.More than 10 hours in the park and could only visiting some minor attractions and three big ones, Haunted mansion, Tiki room and It's a small world, the rest even with the fast lane, were out of order, with the amusemnt park full!!!!!!; I mean it is understandable with a few attractions but all big ones!!!!!!!.I kept the fastlane tickets to show what I am saying.Wrote to Disneyland's contact....Nobody cares....The parade saved this nigthmere called visit.Before go, please find advise on the attractions's behaviorWe were visited the Disneyland Resort on Dec 20th to Dec 22th and here are our observation:The park is overcrowded with people and even with the best effort from the staff, is was a dissaster. The average wait for all the rides ranging from 30 min to 2 hours, yes, two hours for a five minutes ride. Somebody will suggest fast pass, but face this, a certain ride can only accomodate a certain amount of park goers per hour, it does not stretching the time or reduce the number of people waiting in turn so it a zero sum game.There is only one bathroom facility per cluster of attraction, says Toon Town, somebody just try to squeeze more rides into same amount of space without giving additional bathrooms or rest areas.The train ride around the park is fine during daylight but at night is totally dark around you with very few lighting, it's very scary for little children to say the least.There is very few signs or kiosk for direction to go from one area of the park to another. The staff at the entrance does not giving out the map or giving instructions to where a particular attraction is.Half way throught the park openning hours, there are trashes everywhere, don't blame the staff for not keeping up, I have seen them tried to sweep the trashes while hordes of people streaming around and kicking the trashes around. The real problem is overcrowded condition. I'm supprised that the fire department is not cited this park for safety condition.The saving grace for the trip is not the park itself but the people of Anaheim (hotel maid, grocery clerk, laudromat owner) who're showing their friendliness and hospitality. We will be back but will patron different local attractions instead.The magic is gone, only the quest for money remains at Disneyland.I will agree that Disneyworld is the happiest place on earth. Disneyland is definately the unhappiest place on earth after fighting crowds for only a few hours. Disneyland is in dire need of customer service and reconstruction to accomodate the crowds. Each theme park in Disneyworld seems to cater to specific age groups. My son being three years old doesn't need rides that rip his teeth out of his mouth. The MGM Theme Park in Disneyworld catered to smaller rides, puppet shows and low key entertainment. The park has much more room to walk around and lots of stands to buy small items like hot dogs, pretzels, popcorn, ect. Disneyland you will find only snacks that do not contain any other item but sugar...candybars, ice cream bars, soda pop, slushes, etc. If you want real food in Disneyland expect to stand in line at the only 1 or 2 walk up grills, and expect it to be spendy for a sandwich and soda. Oh, there are other restaurants that you can sit down and enjoy a lunch, but for a family of four it will really get spendy. The nice people at Disneyworld never hassle you about your backpacks with one or two bottles of water and a few snacks for your toddler. At Disneyland it is worse that going through airport security. They will confiscate anything edible they can dig out of your bags. My advise....save up the money for flight tickets and spend your money at Disneyworld. It is worth it to visit Mickey and Friends in Florida. You will have a really good time and be treated like royalty.never again...what a horrible experience, the worst weekend of my life. We went to Disneyland fully understanding that it would be crowded, there would be lines and lots & lots of people..however, there were so many people that you could literally not walk, You had to wait in line to move! Waits for rides were 3 1 2 4 hrs long, waits just to get a speed pass were over 1 hr long. Although we all remained in good spirits and tried to enjoy it, it was impossible. You couldn't even take a picture of each other, it was too crowded. After only 3 hours on our second day there, my nieces asked to leave. On our way out we stopped at Guest Relations to express our unhappiness, and were directed to yet another lengthy line that we would have to wait in, the line to complain which was approximately 60 people deep. We chose not to wait, instead asking for an address where we could send a letter, and were told to wait in the same line to just get that.....never again, what a shame, we planned for months, and spent an incredible amount of money for the worst 2 days of our lives.Why they selling fastpass tickets without have buy before the entrance tickets???  Any answer ???  Shame on you!!!   We came here from Greece until the entrance!!!  Avoid this place!!!                                                                                                                Its a shame this park carry the name Disney... They build the place years back and they are now just collecting cash without any effort, it does not compare in anything with the American parks which are truly amazing. The whole park now is designed to get money from their guests on every step without offering any services. The staff are truly miserable and seems like they hate their job. In the whole park there were no characters walking around at all so a kid can take a picture. There were 3 characters who a kid could meet in the whole park but you had to wait forever just to take a picture. Many rides where closed and the wait time for anything was 60 minutes or more, who in the world can make a a kid stand still in a waiting line for 60 Minutes or more? Avoid at all costs especially if you have young children. PS. Parking is    30 to park 30 minutes walk from the entrance after spending    75 person for your ticket...just ridiculous A very disappointing experience.Went with my husband , grandchildren and daughter and her husband for three days.Long queues everywhere, some over an hour for rides which last 5 minutes. We went on 3 rides a day ! Poor signage and lack of information on site. Queues to meet Disney characters , plus charges for photos. All in all there is no Magic, just a money making concern.Visited Dismal land Paris in April 2019 and what a truly disappointing experience that was! Previously visited other Disney parks in the United States and the gulf between the two couldn't be more obvious. A very dated, tired park with a few alternative rides, enough to entice you to visit but after your first day of broken rides, endless waiting in line for everything for little to no reward you realise you should have spent elsewhere and boosted some other economy. Park staff are all friendly, rooms are small but clean and if paying for inclusive meals, the food is more than adequate. Cultural differences not withstanding, generally unpleasant and nothing more than a poor substitution for an American idea which should have remained there or at least carefully selected a location where the concept of politeness and courtesy would not be lost. Never again. Do yourself a favour dollar trumps euro on this one, big time.I've been to Disneyland & Disneyworld in the USA more than 4 times. I've been to Tokyo Disneyland twice, and Hong Kong Disneyland once. Two weeks ago we visited Disneyland Paris for the first time, and it was the WORST!! Even though the park maps show  Smoking in designated areas only  they do not enforce this At.All. Outside of every restroom and restaurant you will find a clump of smokers, as well as anywhere you happen to walk. I realize that Europe is more comfortable with smoking everywherelet this happen? We would show a park employee a smoker and they would then walk right past without saying anything to him or her.At least half of the rides were closed for repairs or updates, and the restaurants kept running out of food, beer & ice cream! Disney calls their employees  cast members  and usually this is fitting based on the employees' energy levels & demeanor. Here, they should be called  employees . There was no excitement, no magic. We saw exactly one employee behaving like a cast member (a pirate outside of Pirates of the Caribbean ride).Our daughter hurt herself on one of the slides in the Pocahontas Playground, which already had a lot of broken slides.It is the worst reflection of the Disney brand I have ever seen. Save your money and DON'T GO HERE!I recently travelled to Disneyland Paris with my granddaughter and other family members. We stayed at a nearby hotel called Explorers which was ok, rooms were a bit small and the choice of food wasn't great but my granddaughter very much enjoyed the pool which had giant water slides. They had a courtesy bus which to you to and from the park which worked out very well. We had passes for both parks and started on the first day with the Disneyland Park. We found that quite a few of the rides were closed, most of the water fountains didn't work, most of the fast pass machines didn't work and the park was not really very clean. The staff seemed worn out, a bit surly and not very helpful, even the dancers in the shows were a bit lackluster. The only time we saw a Disney Princess was in the parade, there were queues for more than an hour to have your photo taken with a Disney character. Having visited Disneyland in Florida I expected the brand to shine just as much but the whole experience was very disappointing. I would expect Disney to reduce the price of admission to take into account the number of rides etc which were not working or closed for maintenance. Better still not admit quite so many people as they whole time was spent queuing. One time we queued for 40 minutes for a ride and it broke down just before we got on and the people who were on it were taken off using a step ladder. On average I would say you will spend 80% of your day in a queue. Walt Disney World is a smaller park with the same problems. The two saving graces were the parade and light firework shows. Definitely not the magical experience it should have been. My advice would be to save your money and go to Florida instead.Price of tickets almost doubled since the last time we entered. Nothing really new to justify. Pure greedy for higher profits. The only magic there it's in your wallet. Souvenirs are crazy expensive(20    for a mug) with little variety (every store had the same stuff all over the place). Expensive food and snacks with very little variety (chips, icecream, hot dog, burger).We will never visit again and I'l discourage anyone who plans to visit to cancel his trip.As my daughter grew up in southern California we visited Disneyland California adventure many, many times, always enjoyed it. We also visited Disney World one time and had a great time with our park hopper passes. One time while in Tokyo on business in the 90s I found myself at Tokyo Disneyland during an extra day, it was also a fun experience, especially noting the differences between the comparable US versions of rides like Pirates of the Caribbean. So I expected something similar here, I was extremely disappointed. Let's start with the two parks, they are small, with the Disney Studios park being positively tiny. Add to this that many of the more popular rides are shut down for maintenance means there is very little for the throngs on people to do. Also it seems that a large part of Disney Studios is geared to promoting their Marvel franchise, with expensive toys on display everywhere. The rides that are unique to Disneyland Paris, like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Peril, are awful. The Indiana Jones ride in Disneyland has a story, tied to the movies, that makes the ride fun. The Temple of Peril has none of that, it is just a (short) roller coaster that you would find at any amusement park with a temple facade. No tie to the movie at all. Super disappointing and super long lines. Smoking is banned except in smoking areas but this is ignored, people were smoking everywhere, including the lines where you couldn't escape it. The super cleanliness you would expect at Disneyland isn't there, with spilled food ignored on the ground, few cleaners in sight. If you are thirsty, try to find a drinking fountain, I didn't see one anywhere. Instead you need to wait in a long line to buy some water, or find a vending machine that isn't broken. Oh, and one more thing, we got on a Flying Carpet ride, kind of like the Dumbo ride (which was out of service). One of the cars was covered over with tape, it was broken. Some of the parts in our car were missing, too. I have never seen anything like this at any other Disney park. I guess Disney figures it can make money without worrying about these things, they have the only Disney park in Europe, but if you have tried the other parks, don't waste your time or money.What about what happen on Saturday 23rd of March DISNEY the whole experience was ruined for my kids an family who had the life scared out of them!!!! Far too many people had been allowed in that park you would need to look at having a limit of number of people instead of thinkin about profit!!!I don't know where to start with this review. Firstly the cost of the tickets on the gate is EUR109 per adult, book online and with Attraction Tix and you'll pay   55 per adult   nearly half price!We arrived around 11am on Saturday 24th March and the ques to even get into the park was a nightmare. On man on a horse trying to direct everyone. You were herded towards and entrance and bags were checked before being herded towards either the Disneyland Paris park or Walt Disney Studio park.Once we were finally into the park we decided to try and head towards the back to go on some rides. We made it onto a small boat ride within 15 minutes which we didn't think was too bad. We should have gone next door to the little train ride straight away but we walked to Indian ride where we couldn't go on as little one was one cm too small. By now it was around mid day and after checking the app for wait times   everything was over 45 minutes wait. Some were already 90 minutes. We used the fast pass to get a ticket to return to Hyperspace mountain. We got the ticket around 12.30 and had to return between 3.35   4.05. When we returned we did walk straight on and was on the ride within 10 minutes.Everywhere you went, the lines were huge. To get candy floss we had to line up to purchase a ticket then line up again to collect the candy floss   this took over 30 minutes.The places to eat are all greasy fried food, no where healthy at all. There was also nowhere to fill up your water bottles so you had to line up and pay for a water. In the height of summer this could be very dangerous if you are dehydrated.Big Thunder Mountain was out for most of the day however we saw they were testing it and took a risk by standing in line and thankfully it paid off however we were still queuing for 30  minutes.There is no organisation for the shows and this resulted in a lot of crowding and the kids not being able to see a lot.The biggest issue here is the lack of staff. There was barely anyone around to help.Sadly we were caught up in the issues on Saturday night. We were locked in the restaurant for over three hours with two very scared children. It was disgusting the lack of information being provided and at one point we all had to climb under the tables and shied the children as there was rumours that a gunman was inside. You can not understand how terrifying this is. I have travelled so often and I have never been so scared in my life.I would never return to Disneyland Paris ever again due to everything mentioned in this review. This was supposed to be the trip of a lifetime for our children and it turned in to an absolute nightmare.All the excitement of being at Disney disappeared within the first hour. We left the pram (stroller) by the designated parking and went into see the princess in turn. 1 hour went by and we go out to find out that our pram and all the belongings on it were gone! That   s the magic of Disney disappearing kid strollers?! Reported it and they were so indifferent around us... go to city hall they said which was on the other side. Walked all the way to the entrance and not one security was to be found. Made it to city hall and the lady rolled her eyes and told us    it happens all the time    really?! Even handed us a    stollen pram    report! So Disney doesn   t try to fix a known problem all they do about it is a form with a Mickey logo! Brilliant! They give us the most awkward pram to go around the park. So what?! The rest of the days in Paris our kid is supposed to walk? Great! There were no characters walking around anywhere. The parade was so short. No magic at all in that place. The rides were definitely not worth the 60  minute wait on every line. We were only on 6 rides as we didn   t have time due to all the queuing for hours and hours. Absolutely never going back. If you are going make sure to leave your pram at the hotel and just borrow one of theirs. Watch your bags and wallet as there are known thieves there and they steal what they can and the park knows it but won   t warn you since it   s    the happiest place on earth    happy was the one thing I was not today. Watch your things and bring your lock for the pram.No magic, no atmosphere, no characters, so many rides shut for renovation, no happiness or cheer, complete waste of money....only good thing to say is that we were lucky with the weather!I've been to quite a few parks around the world, including Orlando and LA, and I came away from our 5 night Disney stay thoroughly disappointed. I can't quite put my finger on why... Maybe it was the queues of 60 90  minutes wait for a mediocre rides (OK the Ratatoulie and twilight tower were good but still not worth the wait). Maybe it was the lacklustre live shows. Maybe it's because you have to make a reservation and queue to get a picture with any character. Maybe it was the over priced and poor quality food and merchandise. We ended up  killing time  in Vapiano restaurant the one place we found the food and coffee to be decent, rather than go back in to the parks. Most of the rides were mediocre at best. I can't believe people actually queue 90 mins for a 2 min experience. I would be too frustrated and tired the ride at that stage to even enjoy the ride.I can honestly say that the children under 6 looked to be having more fun playing around the small playground near big thunder than anywhere else in the park. I'm so disappointed in Walt Disney Corp. putting their name to such an inferior product. Then again I know i shouldn't be as it's just business for them. However I'm more disappointed to read that some people highly rate what is in reality a blatant exercise in screwing Joe public. You get what you pay for does not apply to Disneyland.My family and I visited Disneyland Paris just before Christmas. Our trip was disastrous! After a frosty welcome by reception staff we were confronted by an Unprepared room, (looked like rock stars had had the room) bloody towels in the bathroom , curtains down, mattresses off beds. Phone disconnected so we could not contact reception. Our room was moved but in the morning the lounge carpet was soaking wet from the shower. After a day in the park we had to move our room again ( we are now in our 3rd room) we had to repack our cases and move late in the evening. We were exhausted. etc etc. Despite numerous attempts by our travel agent to contact Disneyland have been    stonewalled   . We have not received any communication from Disneyland. I am sure they would like to reply before we publish the videos and photos ! Having done Disneyland Florida in 1981 as a 6 yr old, the intention was to take our 2 8yr olds before they were too old, to Euro Disney.....to take in the magic.Well, having checked into great accommodation courtesy of Centreparcs Village Nature a 30 bus ride away, we started the first of two days with Disney.Weather doesn   t bother us and we are pretty travel aware having been to many countries. However, the queues in this place were unreal. You expect to wait to get in ...everyone is likely to arrive as it opens etc. Its the rides...on the first day we managed 3 rides between 10am and 5 pm. 3 rides ...of which we queued for one for 2 hours. Normally, we would have just left but the children were there and once you commit to the wait, you are just too angry to leave the queue. That ride lasted 2.16 minutes ! More fool us. Food and drink onsite is costly and most bring their own. There are not loads of places to sit and eat it   most multi task whilst standing in the queues. Most staff were helpful apart from one who would not replace a broken pin badge fastening for my son who had owned it 30 minutes. No replacement fastener or offer of a refund just a non chalant    you buy another    . It   s a badge ffs, just take one off another badge and give us it   however, that staff member was not the norm   most were fine. Disney is obviously a huge enterprise, shops galore, over priced tat mostly unless you are die hard Disney of which we saw many. However, we wanted to do the old fashioned getting autographs of characters, meet characters for photos and there was very little of this. In two days in two parks we found one Goofy...both kids dissapppinted.In fact, far from being a memorable experience, both kids on the second day asked to go back to the village Nature accommodation to use the Centreparcs facilities.If we divided the cost of Disney between the rides we managed to get on (3 on day one, 5 on day two) then we have been sorely wripped off.So we booked a 2 day 2 park trip to EuroDisney for our Daughters 21st birthday surprise. The tickets we purchased a while ago with ease. However when we got to the park, we found around half the rides closed for maintenance, which meant the queues for the rides that were open were for the most part over 90 mins and in some cases 150 mins. Spending so long standing around meant we also didn   t get to see any parades or shows.I understand the need to maintain these rides but to have so many shut at once really causes issues with wait times across the rest of the parks.We managed 3 rides in the day   5hrs queuing for 6 mins of rides. Needless to say we   re not going to waste our time on using the tickets for day 2 and spend our time in Paris instead. This really put a dampener on what should of been a fantastic surprise for our daughters 21st.Really not value for money and the only memorable part of the day was standing around in a Queue.I know we could of purchased fast pass, but this on top of an already expensive ticket would of broke the bank.Not value for money and certainly no magic!Overpriced & underjoyed, this is so obvious an exercise in squeezing the lemon that even the jaded staff are unable or unwilling to defend the poor value overpriced model. We felt obliged to do the visit just once for our young kids but we won   t be repeating the long queues, the sour attitudes, & the poor quality.Suffice to say we won   t be back   this is an entertainment model that has sold out to a pure cash extraction exercise  it has had its day!Paid for a day pass, fortunately is was only a one day pass. Save your money and go to Florida as this place is a very very poor second rated experience. Nothing about this place is worth paying for, rubbish rides, rubbish experience. RIP offThis is my second review about Disappointing Disney The saga goes on, my granddaughter like most little girls dream of meeting princesses in castles, so we booked the very expensive princess lunch, but after the terrible time we had over the last few days with all the queues for everything and not been able to eat because restaurants are so full or fully booked (read my first review) meeting The princesses seemed like a lovely afternoon in the hellhole of Disney. We ordered our lunch and sat in anticipation to wait for the princesses my granddaughter dressed just like the pretty princesses suddenly she then started to feel unwell so we went to bathroom where she started to vomit, we told our waitress to cancel our meal. My granddaughters dreams shattered, her princess dress covered in vomit, all of us distressed to see her distress and again Disney did not disappoint all they wanted was our money for food we did not get to eat!! We did ask them if they were serious as obviously we didn   t eat the food and told them to cancel it but they were serious and made us pay for price for this shattered little girl dream!! Disney the land of trickster! Just come back from our nineth visit to DLP. I can't see us goign again. Endless break downs on the rides, endless queues on the rides and far too many rides closed for refurbishment! This place is way too busy nowadays. There are not enough attractions any more despite the cost of the trip increasing by around 50% in the last 2 years. It promises so much but gives so little back to visitors. There are always a handful of rides 'closed for refurbishment' and always a couple of rides broken down. This can last between an hour or many hours. The cost of food and drink is also bordering on scandalous. A can of sprite is nearly 4 Euro's and a pint of awful beer now comes in at 7.49 Euro's! A Burger and chips wiehghs in at around 15 Euro's so it's easy to see what kind of costs you're going to come up against. I see absolutely no value in this place any more. It just isn't worth the money.Let us start with the good stuff.Park is clean, the parades and firework display are fantastic, so why the 1 rating?Staff attitude. Shocking and disgusting. Rude 90 percent of the time.Disorganised. The rocket ride had three cast members, two going around together slowly and third to press a button. The photo app doesn't work in the park! The photo opportunities were very linited, for   60 we got 12 photos.Rides breaking down. Five of the limited rides broke down during the ride.Expensive . Our character dinner for adults and a child would have been   210 had we not been on a meal plan. Most all you can eat would have been   80.Children good options. Very limited.Tried contacting them, no response after our visit Avoid !!!!!! Disneyland Paris managed a really difficult task: kill the Disney magic. I have been to several Disneyland parks around the world, including California and Japan and Paris is by far the worst. Let   s start with the good points: the park is clean, some staff are really nice, the light show and parades are up to Disneyland standards.Now the bad. First, the poor queue management and the huge waiting time. They advertise for an app but it is not working. All the waiting times shown in the app are wrong and hugely under evaluated, and never update. The staff if not evaluating and refreshing the queuing time on site either. The non working app and the randomly huge queeing time ( 30 min for its a small world! ) makes it really hard to plan your activities.Waiting time and queues are really a problem everywhere in the park. Be prepared to queue at toilets,restaurants, shops, everywhere. For instance, instead of having the Disney caracters walk around the park hugging children, they stay in one place and they make you queue (again) to see them. This is really disappointing for young kids.Would you queue an hour to see Mickey ?All the attractions in Fantasyland close really early at 6 pm. This is because of the lightshow at 7:30 pm  a really nice show, but it makes a really short day.All this would still be ok, provided the staff were all nice. Yes, the worst thing in this park is probably the staff. Not all of them, most of them are nice. However you may encounter some staff shouting at you angrily at any occasion. For instance, when preparing for a parade, instead of telling you nicely where you can cross they will yell at you      No, no     angrily. There is an italian restaurant in Fantasyland where they yelled at me and my 4 y.o. because we wanted to seat while my husband was queuing. A group of exhausted teenager nearby got the same angry yelling. Apparently you don   t have the right to rest and chill, everybody had to queue. When we were watching the parade, a staff member yelled at a nearby young couple trying to stand on a fence to see better. Instead of going there to tell them nicely that they couldn   t stand on the fence, the staff yelled at them angrily from far away, like they did something really bad . It scared all the people around and killed the nice mood of the parade. The random yelling and rudeness, and exhaustion from queues drained our energy. Disneyland Paris should train their staff in anger management and hospitality. They should properly manage their queues and have a functioning app. If you have the luxury to go to another Disneyland, avoid this one.If you go there   buy a fastpass (4x the normal price). Otherwise you will spend literally 85% of time in ques. And our visit was on a weekday in February!!! Cant imagine what its like in higher season.Hyperion cafe:  Bad customer experience with:  BF: at 10 1130am only provided breads, no other choice, yuck  Lunch at 1130 is long que and allowed systematic que cut   Foods are easily outserved by Mac.Don   t waist your time! This version of Disneyland is filthy, fading and peeling paint, excessive cigarette smoke even where it   s not permitted, whiplash starts and stops on rides, trash overflowing, no signage in any other languages, horrible food, etc, etc...Disneyland in the US is said to be the happiest place on earth, and it is. Disneyland Paris is like a knock off franchise that I can only assume is run by someone other than Disney. Where do I start:1. They closed off parts of the park starting at 7PM although the park was  open  until 10PM. Of course, they put up no signage and had not staff to direct patrons, so many people walked into section to find all rides and exits closed and had to wander around to find their way out.2. People were lining up for broken rides, but the staff (standing 5 feet way) weren't telling anyone that the ride was closed. The growing line caused major traffic jams. 3. We wait an hour for a ride that was then announced as  temporarily closed . It closed with us at the front on the line. Because we were next, we asked how long they expected the ride to be  temporarily  closed. Because it was 3 hours before park close, they told us that they didn't plan to even try to fix the ride. In other words, not temporary and no interest in fixing it. In all, we probably spent over 2 hours of our day waiting in line for broken down rides or trying to find our way out of closed sections of the park.4. Characters do not walk around the park as they do in the US, but you can stand in line for 90 minutes or more to see a character. We didn't; we were afraid that when we got to the front of the line, we'd be told the character was broken.5. There's a general lack of variety with the restaurants; restaurant staff aren't friendly at all; and many restaurants are far too small to provide seating for patrons and there's no public seating nearby. We were in a restaurant were people were fighting for tables, sitting on the floor, etc.6. The kids really wanted popcorn. We waited 20 minutes in a line that wasn't moving. I realized that it wasn't moving because their popcorn kiosks are manned by a single worker who both scoops popcorn (without gloves) using the same hands that take money and dispense change. I told the kids that they may as well go around and lick the hands of everyone in the part, if they're going to eat that dirty popcorn. Rack up another wasted 20 minutes standing in line. 7. And just to top it all off, when we finally left, it was impossible to find the exit. They wouldn't let us out the gates, we had to walk through a shop. Then some jerk employee was blocking the entrance to the train station and told us to walk around some gate while others were going straight through.Disney really needs to cut this bad franchise loose as it sullies their name. They need to send the  Undercover Boss  to this place to see how bad it is.I would like to share my very disappointing experience at Disneyland Paris .From a young child I had always wanted to go to Disney ,to experience the magic , to meet the characters etc .So I saved to take my youngest daughter for her 10th birthday as you can imagine she was so excited .Early Saturday morning we set off from home with expectations of a truly wonderous experience ahead of us .Sadly that is not what we experienced ,as a mother whose child   s only birthday present was to go to Disneyland Paris I felt so very disappointed and sad for my little girl who was left absolutely heart broken .My parents who live in Cyprus travelled to the UK to be able to share this experience with their Granddaughter ,so this was not a cheap undertaking on our behalf and we did at least expect some value for money .So we all bought fast passes to allow us to get on the rides with a minimum wait time as my father has trouble standing for long periods and we had a Drs letter to back this up . However when we tried to use the fastpass there was no rides available until 17.00hrs which meant we were unable to go on any rides for over a 4 hour wait . There was a whole variety of rides closed which meant the ones that were working had over 1.5hr queues as all the people were concentrated on the rides that did work if you queued as there was no Fastpass available . Things closed even ran to basics like restaurants and toilets , trying to get lunch took over an hour queuing and the chose of places to eat limited in the park .All the adverts advertising Disney show the characters wandering around and interacting with the children , there was none of this which I feel is a misrepresentation of what you are actually purchasing, after all you are purchasing the Disney experience not just a theme park with rides. I do not need to travel to France to go to one of those .I did see two meet and greets with Donald and Pluto however we went to see Mickey mouse but he was not too be found . We did see Cinderella however, she rushed past not speaking to any one , was clearly in a hurry and it was not even midnight .We ended up leaving the park with an absolutely sobbing young girl whose magical dreams had been so badly broken . My Daughter Charlotte did not get to go on any rides , she didn   t get to see any of the characters other that what I have explained above ,and her dreams of Disneyland are shattered .My husband has been to Disneyland Florida and although there are queues , which are to be expected we realise that .His experience was so much better , parades 3 x a day ,characters available to meet and pictures that can be taken , rides working and so on .This new fastpass system of being able to book your rides in advance needs addressing as it clearly isn   t working for everyone or people with a day ticket .I feel that I should share this absolutely terrible experience as I would hate for other children to go through what my little girl did . This experience happened on Saturday 12 1 2019 . It also appears to me that you ONLY get the Disney experience if you stay in the Disney hotels ,otherwise no one appears to care that you are not getting what you pay for , this is something I also think should be made very clear from the start .Disney is a brand after all that is only as good as the people who are buying in to the magical dream , buying the merchandise ,going to the films. We the people who do that, should at least get the experience that we have paid for .Its like if you went to a Jeweller and paid for a diamond and was given coal .This is all such a great shame as so many people hold Disney on such a pedestal .I also have sent my complaint to Disneyland Paris guest relations on the 14 1 2019 ,i am yet to recieve a reply or acknowlegedement of my email .I would not recommend this park .Disney Land Paris is a Dirty place , the management there closed more than half the attractions for   renovations   they advertise that the close at 8:00 pm , however , they closed the fantasy land 2 hours earlier   in preparation for the fireworks   all while still charging full tickets and fast passes prices , staff are poorly trained ... Visited Disney 2 days 2 parks and very disappointed with Disney experience. I had read up before hand that some attractions were closed for refurbishment but to be there and find things that were supposed to be open cancelled and temporarily closed was unacceptable. Staff were extremely rude and not feeling the Disney magic at all, in fact they all looked miserable. All in all it was a very unforgettable trip (but in a bad way) and a very expensive one at that too! I have emailed Disney itself with no reply it   s very unprofessional. Disneyland Paris does not live up to the Disney trademark it sells.I could write rather a long review with regards to DLP about all the negative things we had to contend with over the Christmas and New Year, but the one thing I wanted to advise was if any of you are thinking booking direct with Disney.....DONT! We had several problems during our stay and since returning home, I have put together a e mail of discontent and sent it to Disney guest services.I had a receipt saying that my e mail would be answered within a 15 day period, that was 28 days ago. I sent another asking for a reply and then received a e mail from another department saying that I   d sent it to the wrong e mail address. They informed me that they had forwarded it and I again forwarded my original mail to the new address. To date I still have received no correspondence.The moral of the story is book through a travel agent, because if anything goes wrong, you have someone on your side to pursue it for you.Disney   all I can say to you is....you are money driven and your guest relations department is a lot to be desired!After having a wonderful time 20 years ago in Disney Anaheim, our expectations were admittedly high. I am bitterly disappointed with Disneyland Paris. It is overpriced, overcrowded (do they even think about limiting numbers in busy periods? After spending over $1500 for tickets for the 5 of us, I had to spend an additional $1500 for one day of fastpass just to ensure we got ANY value from the parks. The food is overpriced rubbish, and (here I go again as an Aussie coffee snob) the coffee was atrocious. The limitations they place on the tickets and the outrageous queues (120 minutes was the max we saw on our days there in early Jan) mean it is almost impossible to get the full value from your ticket. There are so many other great options for things to do in Paris please don't waste your money like we did. Additionally, because of the additional expense of the food and fastpass we felt compelled to buy, our kids left with no Disney merchandise (partly due to the price and partly on principle). All I can conclude is that it has all been downhill for Disney in the past 20 years, or that Paris is a shadow of the Anaheim version. Finally, the park has a no smoking policy which is absolutely ignored by many of the visitors and is not enforced by the staff. This is supposed to be the  happiest place on earth , not a vector for lung cancer in children.My advice, if you MUST go:1. Take your own food and drink2. Buy a fastpass. Total rip off but your tickets are worthless otherwise You are paying to queue.3. Get there early   it almost always opens earlier than the posted time, in our experience.4. Carefully examine the Ts and Cs on your tickets   multi day tickets in our case had to be used with a defined week period, which restricted our flexibility enormously.It seems Disneyland Paris is going downhill fast. It was our fifth visit to the park and it's going to be our last, the only magic you have now is how much money they try to squeeze out of you which wouldn't be such a bother if the entrance fee wasn't 100     per day.It looks all dated and in need of refurbishment which also takes a lot magic away. We were there over the weekend in januari so not the busiest time of the year but waiting times for the popular attractions were well over a hour with a peak of 180minutes for ratatouille. Instead of doing something about it Disney decided to make special fastpasses called super and ultimate fastpasses ofcourse against a hefty price starting from 30    day for 3 attraction (so 10    attraction) to 150    per day per person for all attractions.We ate at the Agrabah Caf  , for the 3rd time and my god has the quality gone down. Seems like budget cuts everywhere but prices go up. With still an hour to go into the service they weren't happy to keep the buffet stocked. Food itself was barely warm.In general the staff doesn't seem happy anymore to work for Disney and do the bare minimum which results in long waiting lines and waiting times. Organisation is not what it should be and that's the fault of managment. I can imaging if you are a first time visitor you are still impressed enough to miss such things but we can compare it to how it was 10 years ago and it has gone downhill and it's going downhill faster. I hope the promised investments will pay of but I suspect it will only mean everything will be even more expensive.Too bloody expensive.    107 ticket for a day ticket. Queues of 2 hours for buzz lightyear. Other rides also more than an hour. Must be a french thing. No Disney figuWhat a dump this place is. From the disgusting toilets, to the other visitors just smoking wherever they like. The characters are not wandering around the park like the adverts show. You have to queue for 90mins for a photo. Buzz Lightyear (or the teenager exploited in the costume) wouldn't even wave at my 3 year old son . The Disney magic may exist in America but in Europe it is dead due to the lazy attitude of the staff. My son and daughter were nearly crushed as hundred on people queue on the bridge to take photos of some fountains... the staff didn't care. Don't waste your money. Thomas land at Dayton manner is loads better value.My 17 year old had never been to Disneyland (I have been to the America and Japanese parks several times) and we were massively disappointed. Staff had none of the friendly, magical happy disposition of other parks. They were bored and totally disinterested in their clients. Eleven attractions were closed it disrupted and the place was filthy with people smoking everywhere and nothing cleaned. Here is some photos if the theatre we sat in that looked like a pig stie. Give this a miss and spend your hundreds of euros elsewhere. An honest review of the park   We spent about 5 minutes of a 9 hour day actually on rides and the rest waiting in lines. I don   t think the park should be letting in that many people, if they can   t accomodate those already in the park. We visited on the 27th December and it was a really cold, overcast day. The park was absolutely packed. There were lines for everything. I know this is typically, but this was honestly excessive. I wouldn   t recommend visiting as it   s not worth the money. I   m a hugggeee Disney fan, but I   d much rather visit the parks in America. Also majority of lines were outside in the freezing cold with no outdoor heating or anything to keep people warm in freezing conditions.Where to start? we paid my daughter and i just under 200    to access one park  they made 2 of them so you can pay more!  i asked to purchase a fast track they say they did not have it on that day just another lie among so many. the shops are everywhere 5 to 10 times the price outside. for each attraction you wait at least 90 minutes for a ride that lasts 3 minutes.now if that is not running a scam i don't know what is. i thought i was riding back in the early 70's the decor so poor old dolls soundtrack just as bad. my 8 year old daughter told me this cannot be Disney! Yes Disneyland Paris.visiting a factory would be 10 times more interesting. the staff are so rude and not interested at all. you queue for everything: restaurants shops toilets absolutely horrible. if you were to pay me i would not go there again. my kid so frustrated and annoyed for what was a huge expectation... this place should be closed down that's how good it was.si j'ai un conseil a vous donnez n'y allez pas avec vos enfants. une perte de temps d'argent les attractions sont plus que nuls. c'est de l'arnaque du vol...une honteWe went to Disneyland Paris on the 18th December with two young children and my parents for a break away before Christmas.The flight there was an    experience    flying with bmi (who we never flew with before) we had the tiniest plane that experienced severe turbulence on take off which scared the hell out of us but got us to our destination quickly and (more importantly)safely.I was advised on booking transfers with always shuttle but they failed to show up at the airport (luckily I had planned to pay driver on arrival so didn   t get charged). We then found a driver who managed to get 4adults,2 children and all our luggage in his normal size estate car which was such a squeeze! It then took us 1.30hours to get to the hotel Cheyenne which we were quoted 80    at first but ended up costing us 125    due to traffic!We arrived at the hotel Cheyenne at approx 11am where I was    welcomed    by a hotel receptionist who just gave me some cards with our names on and a flyer for the park.She didn   t didn   t explain that these cards were to be used for food and getting into the park. We were then told that we couldn   t get in our room till 3pm so we left our luggage in the luggage room and jumped on the shuttle bus to the the park which literally took 5minutes.After a stressful morning we happened to catch the Christmas parade in all its full glory!Food at the park I booked the premium food package before we went and booked all the places we wanted to go.If we didn   t do this the food in the park was ridiculously expensive especially in the silver spur where it would have cost us 280    for 2 adult and a child   s meal!The food was amazing especially enjoyed Walt   s,silver spur and the character tea in inventions! Book your reservations before you leave as so many families we spoke to didn   t have anywhere to go to eat!Buffalo bills is a must see! I don   t like horses but absolutely loved this show!even my 20month old sat and watched the whole thing!Dont forget your beers are free when your having your meal.Shuttle bus this was fine in the mornings but the park shut at 6.30 on the Wednesday and Thursday nights which was hell! We literally had to fight to get the buggy   s on to the bus no one would move especially the locals!The rides are amazing but aren   t as many as I would have thought there would be. I was also shocked how many my youngest (20months) could go on.The characters you must download the lineberty app before you go to the studios as you will not get chance to see any of the characters.This gives you a ticket to come back and visit but you only get one per person!Workers the workers at Disney mainly on the main entrances spoiled our whole Disney welcoming experience they were rude, miserable and just didn   t want to work there!Totally different to the workers in Florida and Disney cruise!We were shouted at to show our tickets,told to move out the way abruptly and generally disrespected which really upset me! I have vowed that I would never go back due to the sheer lack of respect! I would rather save hard and go to Florida and get the    whole    Disney experience rather than just a taste! I remembered going to Disney when I was younger so thought it would be a great idea to treat my family to a world class theme park holiday.Let   s start with the Eurostar; I booked premier class and it was a great train that was very modern. The downside was no hostess service, Wi fi was appalling and the meal consisted of a piece of bread and a croissant. No Joke!The Disney express service was superb and worked really well enabling us to get straight into the park when we arrived which was great.Entry into the park was fine but the signage was awful. Trying to find how to get around with out a map is impossible. People walk around smoking or vaping everywhere in the park to the extent where I feel like I have become a smoker. A resort that is for children and allows people to smoke freely which basically sends the message to kids that it   s ok to smoke is appalling.Trying to get food is ridiculous at the fast food joints. You would think that they would be ahead of McDonalds with the digitised menu but no, old school queues and no where to sit. Price 3 times more than McDonalds or and the quality is 3 times as poor.Queuing for rides is also a joke, they need to let less people in. Queuing for over 2 hours to get on rides is a joke in this day and age.Next is your hotel, we stayed at Newport bay and check in was poor, I wasn   t asked about having extras on my room so when I ordered from the bar I couldn   t charge to to my room. It took the person at reception 10 minutes to sort this out. The alcohol is a rip off,   8 for a pint and   16 for a large glass of wine and that was house. Sancerre will cost you   22.We upgraded to the compass club and breakfast was good as well as the hot drinks and cold drinks in the fridge. But unless your kids like pop there are no bottles of water in the fridges to take with you. The food in the evening is also poor, there are miniature sandwiches filled with various pastes. They can   t even afford or be bothered to to put some meat in the sandwiches or serve some hot food. Again another poor value for money experience.The restaurants in the park serve good food but it is over priced. I had a steak which cost   35 and it was so small I eat in 3 bites. The kids menus are poor in all the restaurants we went too which was captain jacks and the silver spur. I wish we had just eaten at McDonald   s or earl of sandwiches. Both are well priced and you don   t feel like you have had your pants taken down.The Disney photo plus app is also good in principal but again downloading the photos is hit and miss and we lost loads. Great idea though if it works 100% of the time.Character breakfast,   113 to queue up for a buffet, spend 10 minutes queuing for a coffee and get 6 pictures. For that kind of money I expect a character to at least sit with us and to get someone to serve my coffee.We also noticed that a lot of things looked worn out. For example lighting McQueen car had all the stickers peeling of it, a drinks vendor had a cabinet with fake ice cubes in it and green algae was growing up the side of it.Lastly the train in the way back was terrible, ripped seats, no Wi fi, didn   t take card as payment and the meal was a slice of quiche. Awful, again why can   t you at least give people a sandwich.Overall a poor experience and a waste of money. Not what I remember from my days as a kid at Disneyland Florida. I remember there being characters everywhere, you didn   t need to queue up to meet them. The staff where really friendly and helpful. There were lots of vendors selling meat on the bone or french fries etc. Here you just got someone selling you a small cinema popcorn for   7.I will never go again or recommend anyone go unless they don   t care about money and love Disney. I   ve been to Disneyworld Florida numerous times and it   s always impeccable, unfortunately it   s French sibling does not live up to expectations. We were there 28 12 18.Disney cast members are supposed to be enthusiastic and helpful and in Paris, they are not. The queues everywhere were unreal. To get just a hot dog we waited at least 30 mins. There were 4 staff yet only serving one customer at a time. By the time we got served after waiting in the freezing cold we were almost icicles. There was 1 staff member heating the hot dogs, one making coffee hot chocolate, one standing about laughing with the other who may have put out some ketchup. Big thunder mountain was running empty yet the queue was massive. All rides were at least 90 mins wait and 120 mins for the princess cove. I know the temperature is not the responsibility of Disney but it was soooo cold but you couldn   t even get into a restaurant to get some food and a heat. We had to try and get into a shop but they were so busy you could barely move with people just barging into you. I sat on one of the stone benches to watch a show at the castle but after about 5 mins I had to get up as it was so cold to sit on it was painful. They could use some outdoor heaters and seating areas. If I wanted to go to Disney I would rather save longer and go to Florida because Paris is a disappointment. Definitely don   t go in winter as it   s too cold. There are some nice sites and good shows but sadly didn   t enjoy it as much due to crowds and cold. They know they cannot service the amount of people they let in. Yet they look ack them in . 2 hours 1 ride wait. 1hr another. 45min to get food 25 minutes toilet. Your lucky to get 3 rides in for the day. They charge a lot more for an Express ticket. Seriously it's not a place to visit.. to give the kids some fun we went to parks with little wait...but they could have had the same fun at the local park.This was a terrible visit to Disneyland Paris, maybe it was our timing over the Christmas but it was the visit from hell. 90 120 min waits for most rides (which if you have small children Is Impossible )... I decided to try warm up the baby in a cafe or restaurant (temperature was 1 degree C) .... 60 minute queue for a seat !.. staff were extremely unhelpful when I asked where I could get food for a hungry 2 year old and basically said it   s busy we can   t help . Surely Disney must know the capacity of entrants that the park is capable of handling while still allowing everyone to access rides and food, and somewhere to warm up?It is a false economy as I saw countless families with upset children leave throughout the day in frustration .... bad business Disney , worst    400 I have ever spent. My recommendation is , save yourself the trip out here and spend it on a nice meal and tour of Paris Of course; Disney is a must see, and with Christmas is the decoration very nice and magic. But... much to much people for much to less good atractions. We waited and waited and waited...; and saw much to less. Dramatic long waiting queues, mostly over 1 hour, in the cold rain...fronzen all over on this 24th of december... The most stupid    american thing    is the ridiculous fasspasses; when you wait, you wait extra longer because of lots of people who pay extra for the fastpass. It is a real unfair moneymaker.When you want to go; Please book your parking and entrancetickets online, we didn   t and had to pay wet 45(!) euro extra (with 4 persons): ridiculous!!We where in the park for 10 hours, and where able to visit only 8 atractions and the parade...Be warned for this real moneytrap!Weekend queues can go as long as 120min, believe it or not. Fast pass need to wait for 5h! With so many people and some sitting on the floor at casey corner to eat their hotdogs for dinner, you can find their restaurant Pizzeria Bella Notte closing at 6.30pm.! What lousy service. We understand the park is supposed to be magical at night but when night falls, the place was not well lit and pose risks for children, elderly and the disabled. The parades had shorter duration compared to other disney parks and totally underwhelming.Paid one of the most expensive disney tickets,   69 per person, but did not get the value. Tokyo disney was much cheaper but so much better in terms of service and experience.Would not return again.overpriced and overrated, hardly any attractions and full of shops that sell the same goods ( at least twice the cost of goods in the UK )long waits everywhere We were disappointed. I bought tickets for two parks, but due that lots of rides where out of order or that have aged a lot, I thought it was not worth it. Maybe it would be better to go there in the summer when there is more going on or to put it different where there are more options available and the staff isn't off. We encountered several food stalls, that were out of salty food (hamburger french fries) by 13:00 (1 pm!). So we went into the big eating   souvenir hall and the people were sitting on the floor, as there was not enough place to sit outside inside to have once's lunch?!? I was amazed what I saw there. Also some registers where closed and the lines where really really long just to get food.I don't get it, why not limit the amount of people if the park cannot provide enough food or places to sit?I took my family to Disneyland Paris for two days... I was told as a disabled person I could secure a 10% discount for myself, a free carer ticket and the children would be full price and we would get queue assistance. All this seemed very fair and generous but I was told we would need to buy the tickets at the park to secure this discount and access card. When I asked how to buy the tickets they said we needed to go to the Donald Desk on arrival! I suggest this should be re named the 'Donald Desk of Doom!' Pre trip I asked if I could reserve a chair for the day    No sorry, all our chairs are on a first come first served basis.  (was the response!) I couldn't take this risk so we bought one in a charity shop and took it with us. On the day we arrived at the Donald Desk, queued for 30 mins only to be told we were in the wrong queue! Apparently, we were in the service queue NOT the disabled queue! We then queued for another 30 mins in another queue which we were told was the right queue... only to be told they could not sell us the actual tickets only provide the access pass and we would need to join another queue to buy our tickets! There were only three queues to choose from all with 100's waiting,..... there were 20 desks unstaffed, we had to queue at one of the three desks for a further hour to buy 400 Euro's worth of tickets... we had arrived at the park at 10am .... if the signage had been better and the staff more helpful we could of started in the right queue... my children were in tears.... my son called it the queue of doom and said lets just go to lego land next time mummy.... There were families with autistic kids who didn't understand why we were not being allowed in the park... it was a truly miserable experience for everyone ...Once we were in the park the system worked well but the purchasing of the tickets was rude, disorganised and ridiculous.... We arrived at the park at 10 and didn't get on a ride until 12.15.... that's utterly crazy.... They should allow disabled guests to pre purchase tickets to reduce the wait or open more desks at busy times.Maybe going to Disneyworld Florida made it harder to enjoy this park because that trip was so magical...but it just wasn't anywhere near in the same league.The staff were rude and unhelpful, we were in the queue for a ride and actually saw a staff member barge past someone infront...in Florida it's like they're on stage and never stop acting to keep the magic alive.The queue times were ridiculous, we got on 4 rides in 12 hours and 1 of those was a fast pass. We queued 1hr10 for Peter Pan for it to break down when we were 10 mins to the front, about 45 mins later they then told everyone they were closing it for maintenance. No fastpasses were given out, we just got shooed off.The castle illuminations were great and the only one magical thing about the day.well i dont know where to start dis eyla d paris all you do is queue queue queue and even though my little girl had been waiting for two HOURS to vet on peter pan ride my friends daughter needed the loo so she left my dauvhter in the queue while they were at the loo my daughter had reached the front so she let other people on when my friend returned they were told they had to queue again i was furious when they came back it was cold aswell my little girl was very upset so in two days at disneyland paris she only went on 1 ride an absolute disgrace we had a package deal where could enter the park early 8.30 only to find tbat nearly all the rides didnt open until 10 what a rip off very very very busy i dont think they monitor the amount of people going into the park at all the fireworks were amazing even though i do think 10pm is a little late for younger kids the parade was magical aswell. would i go there again definately not a complete waste of money and staff are so so so rudeOkay, so we made the mistake of going at a peak time, over the Toussaint school holiday break, and that is on us. But I really don   t think our experience would be all that different with smaller crowds at an off peak time. The place is just poorly thought out, under staffed, and not well managed. In face of the disappointments of the day that just kept coming, my husband and I remained upbeat, trying to make the best of it especially for my son   s sake. He is only seven years old and this was his first time to a Disneyland. But it was a hot mess. After ten hours and 230 euros, we got ride two rides and found it nearly impossible to find any food to buy while we were there.Luckily, we are living in Paris right now so we didn   t waste a precious day of some shorter vacation in France on this. But there are so many better options for spending a day with your kids in the Paris region. Please heed my advice and that of others here and don   t waste a day of your life, a wad of money, and your time on this depressing place. After we arrived, it took at least twenty minutes to clear security.We pre purchased and printed our tickets (230 euro for two adults, one kid). Like at security, the park entrance wasn   t so much comprised of    lines    as much as five or so sites of chaotic masses of densely packed people. With no other info, we finally joined a very, very long line, that seemed more orderly that the crush of humanity elsewhere. We were unsure we were in the correct line with the kind of tickets we had. Everyone around us was equally confused. It was chaos. There was ONE poor flustered employee, working this entrance doing the best he could...trying to process the endless line through the high gate and turnstiles, while also having to try to answer people coming up and shouting questions at him over these barriers trying to find out if they were in the right line. If that wasn   t enough, this guy also had to leave his post frequently to let disabled park goers in through another gate some distance away. While we were waiting to enter the park numerous disputes broke out over people line jumping, which was rampant. Some of these interfaces verged on out and out brawls. It took over 40 minutes to get into the park via that line. Once inside, we saw another massive line at the    City Hall    the    customer service    spot which is also the site where disabled visitors get the passes allowing them special access they need to the rides. It is really sad to see disabled adults and children, many of them in wheelchairs, waiting outside in the cold, no doubt for over an hour or more. The lines for rides were a lot more sedate than the crush outside, but even longer. They all clocked in around 1.5 or 2 plus hours wait per ride. We heard people with FastPasses complaining of slots not being available and long wait times as well. We spent our day in lines and only got to go on TWO RIDES ALL DAY LONG. The Disney app which is supposed to help you navigate the park and get updates for wait times for rides was worthless and 9 times out of ten did not respond or post any wait times at all.Food is another huge problem. It is close to impossible to buy it, even if you are totally willing and ready to pay inflated amusement park prices. Any food purchase involved negotiating massive chaotic    lines    and hour long or more waits. Several restaurants, inexplicably, were closed completely. There are not enough    fast    food outlets in the park, not even for low volume days. After standing in another chaotic line FOR OVER AN HOUR from 2pm to 3pm, I finally purchased 3 plain hotdogs, 3 fountain drinks, and 2 fries for 46 euros.  The employees at the food places really were doing the best they could. They were professional, cordial, and working as fast as they could in the face of endless, daunting lines and frustrated, hungry, sometimes even angry clients. Clearly behind their strained cheery smiles they were miserable, and who wouldn   t be? It was really depressing. I felt bad for them, and upset that I had given money to a company that treats both its customers and employees this way. Stores selling overpriced Disney merchandise, however, can be found throughout the park and, while crowded, are staffed so that visitors can make purchases. I guess selling merchandise makes Disney more money than providing park goers with something (anything) to eat. If you do go, pack your own food, everything your family will need to make it through the day. There is clearly something really wrong with Disney corporate culture that things have sunk this low. My husband and I had been talking about about making a trip to one of the US Disneyland parks, complete with a stay in one of their one site hotels or maybe even taking a Disney cruise. A trip to Disney has been such a rite of passage in the past. But after this experience, anything Disney related, anywhere in the world (my husband and I for once are in complete agreement) is off the table.On our ride back home, my son told us he had an    ok    time (I think he didn   t want us to feel bad knowing what we   d done to get there), but he also said that he didn   t really want to go back to any Disneyland again. It is only an amusement park, after all, and our crummy day there isn   t a tragedy or the end of the world, but I do feel the same way as my son. We won   t be back.Disney is a ripp off. Very bad food for astronomic price. I don't know if it was a special day on 4th of November (Friday), but I never saw so many people cuing for everything food, toilet and 120 min for a simple ride. I know once every kid dream to go to Disney park. I did it and will never do it again. Its just over priced, over growded and low quality starting from the food, old attractions and just long waiting. Making another rip off is taking additional money to get a fast pass to skip the lines of people. For me personal I am disappointed how a company like disney can ripp off parents and kids with this park. If you have an alternative didn't go, go to Europark, just another quality and more to do and see.After looking forward to my trip to Disney for months I am extremely saddened to say how disappointed I was in my visit today. We arrived not long after opening time to what I can only describe as chaos. The queues to get in were were so unorganised and never ending and unfortunately that was the story of the full trip. We were there 8 hours and only managed 2 attractions (which weren   t even    must see,    ones. Some rides were    150 min,    wait times which is just insane when they only last a few mins each. There is no sign posts, the map is very difficult to use and despite there being an app, due to the amount of people there the 4G doesn   t work and is therefore, pointless. We were so hungry and thirsty as even the queue for refreshments were 45 mins minimum   we had to leave the park and go to the other end of the village for food and drinks. 30,000 steps later and so upset to say I still don   t really know that    Disney,    is like as after paying    200 I didn   t manage to experience it. I would recommend some vending machines, much more staff to help give instructions and answer guest Qs, more security for incidents, some sort of English translation (I fully appreciate the staff speak in French as their first language but with so many multi national tourists there should be translations especially for safety rules and instructions!) and the fast pass rules need to be changed   this does not work at all ... we bought a fast pass and by 12pm we couldn   t use it as apparently the fast pass was fully booked for the day despite the fast pass lane being empty all day   extremely silly and confusing. To add some positives the park was very clean and beautiful   it certainly has a lot of potential and is visually stunning but so many changes are required to make this a magical visit and I hope the reviews are taken on board to make this happen! We arrived at Disney full of excitement and anticipation, however this quickly goes and then the true horror reveals it self! (Halloween on us being the joke) Queues queues queues queues queues, packed solid couldn   t even walk down Main Street without being quashed and shoved. 2hrs wait for rides, meeting characters and the horror goes on... we had to wait in line for 1.5 hour for any type of food, I felt so sorry for staff they got the direct complaints from customers. The hotel Santa Fe was badly disorganised but there was one glimmer of hope was the food in hotel was good lots of choice! I would not recommend Disney to anyone!!!The worst experience what we ever had with kids! Overcrowded and messed place! Staff is unprofessional and lazy. We spent all day staying in the lines with FastPass. Highly not recommend you to visit the park: it   s not the kingdom of magic, it   s kingdom of awfulness and mess!  We went on the 1st of November and it was a completely frustrating experience, we felt unwelcome all the time. The Disneyland park in Paris seems to be seeking its end. Exhausting long queues announced as of minimum 45 60 minutes up to 2 hours and more, often became longer once you were trapped in it. Once in a queue there is no way to go to the toilet, drink water or seat anywhere. Awful. Staff is generally unfriendly, unhelpful, apparently poorly trained and unable to provide any basic information. They usualle wear cheap uniforms and are hard to find around the park when you need them. You can guess their work conditions must be horrible as they all look sad and unhappy. Not the best atmosphere for am amusement park. Also, there is no recognizable security staff. If you miss your child, you can better die there in a panic attack. And, hey! Forgot about meeting any of the Disney characters while you walk. You (or your children) won't hardly found one in flesh and bones. They could better hire a few actors to have them play Disney characters and have them walking across the streets while you are desesperate in a 2 hours long queue, for instance. On top of this, be prepared to be isolate from the rest of the world. Phones won't work: we tried every provider available and all looked blocked or saturated by too many users. The wifi won't work neither. Therefore, the Disneyland app is useless. And good luck if you lose one of your peers! If you think that this bad experience does not come for free, but you have to pay for it, then I am sure you will find better places where you spend your money in This place has only got worse in the past five years since our last visit and we won   t be going back. Horrific queues for everything, food is tasteless and extremely overpriced ( bring your own from the stores outside) and the staff we encountered are at best simply moronic and devoid of personalities......specifically the ability to share any information with you. The shows and parades are cancelled at short notice due to a spot of rain (light shower) and the best rides seem to have their seats half full on every rotation due to    technical issues   . Disney pull your finger out as your US parks aren   t like this and are staffed by people who actually look like they want to be there rather than suffering it to earn a living  having nothing else available work wise. So disappointing. Horrible. 50 minutes waiting in 8 degree weather for any ride that is not like a one of those toddlers play things in a shopping mall. You end up waiting 40 minutes for even the stupid train that goes round the park in snails pace. In efficient and untrained staff. Badly managed, dirty rest rooms. Been to most of Disney parks, this is probably the worst.We went to disneyland paris for the day during the half term, i took my children and foster children. It was my foster childrens first holiday, and they were so excited i was taking them to disney. We arrived at 10am to get in a full day, but we were shocked at the amount of people in the park. Every ride had a 60 90 minute queue, we had to queue 15 20 mins just for the toilets, i missed the show at lunchtime having to wait 50 mins for some tastless burgers, which at 59 euros was a complete rip off. We managed 6 rides all day, and left the park at 7.45 pm with very tearful children. Disneyland charged us   356 for our 6 tickets, totally disgusting, that they put up there prices for half term and let that many people in. The magic has totally gone and its about how much they can squeeze the orange. Well you will not see me or my children again, shame on you.Just finished 2.5 days at Disneyland Paris and was very disappointed. The prices are shockingly high the wait times for rides was ridiculous. All the big rides had more than 60 minutes of waiting. To me this trip solidified that Disney only cares about the bottom line as they clearly had too many people in the park and were unable to accommodate. I am actually ok with the high prices as I honestly expected to pay extra for the experience. What is unacceptable is the waiting for everything..as other guests mentioned you literally cue for everything. The only way to see everything is to stay for an entire week because you will literally be in line the entire time. Seems like numbers through the door are far more important than quality of experience. We are done with Disney. Received Eurostar tickets today and seat numbers after looking at the train plan to discover that their are only disabled toilets in first class coach   s 9 and 10 we have been put in coach 15 with no disabled toilets . We made Disney aware when booking that their is a disabled passenger traveling in the party and were not told that their are only disabled toilets in first class if we had we would have upgraded at the time . But now Disney have said to upgrade we would have to pay a cancellation fee and rebook at today   s prices which is significantly more than when we booked just so she can access the toilets which is a basic human right . As for Euro star they are unable to help as the booking is though Disney not them .All they can do is let the driver know so he can check on us . I am amazed that nobody has had this happen to them and that disabled toilets would only be in first class . Our only option now is to wait and see if we can upgrade on the day at the station . Really disappointed as this is meant to be a treat for my daughter 18th birthday and wanted it to all go smoothly. SHAME ON YOU DISNEY LANDIt's really expensive. All the decent rides had over an hour queue. To see the princesses was over 2 hours. Most of the rides you could go on at your local fair. 20 min queue to get a hot chocolate. It's not fair on the kids. Don't sell as many tickets rather than have them queue for so long for each ride. Its unfair. You can buy a  fast past  which gives you access to three rides (one ride on each) for    45 per person on top of your ticket entry price. So for a family of 4 it's    60 per ride on top of entry ticket....I wish I was allowed to swear. Wasted half our first day waiting to get annual passes. No staff on the kiosks. Spending a lot of money on an annual pass with 4 children, needs to better and quicker process in place!Honestly, I   m disappointed. Came with my 6yo to show her amazing and exiting world of the Disney. We didn   t visit most of the attractions because waiting time was more than one hour!!! Princess encounter   75 mins, Peter Pan flight   75 mins, story of Pinocchio   40 mins etc. Too many people!!! Too many rude people! The parade was great but I don   t understand why Disney will not allow an access for children and people with disabilities to stay in a first row and see it? Instead, my 6yo couldn   t get an access to see the parade because a group of bearded men (fans of frozen perhaps?) were standing in the first row! Really don   t know how families with smaller kids can have a good experience. I   ve visited a Disney land in Orlando 10 years ago and it was completely different experience. Food was horrible but I believe it   s just normality for all the parks. If you have been to the other Disney properties in the United States, you don't need to bother going here.The park was not well maintained. A couple of the rides that were looking forward to going on were closed. There was overflowing trash cans and dirty bathrooms.Food service was very slow and the quality was mediocre. We were pretty disappointed with our experience and upset that we wasted a day of travel to go visit.Absolutely shocked to find spin arrival that they have changed the full board package! It no longer means you can eat breakfast in your hotel. It means you have to drag hungry children into the park to the fast food joint where they can have a juice and a croissant! As if my three or 7 year old would eat that. Absolutely disgusted! You pay thousands of pounds to come to what they say is a four star hotel to not even get a breakfast! I can eat in the hotel mind you, if I pay for it!!!! Disney you have let us down massively! This is an absolute rip off!!! Two years ago we got more choice of restaurants with the full board, an afternoon snack and coffee. Now literally nothing. Which I   m sure when I go down to book a returnable I will be told is fully booked. Not impressed. Oh and to add your manager in hotel New York. Rude!! Being told the fast food breakfast is a gift from Disney so I shouldn   t be complaining! I don   t call paying   thousands a fing gift!!!!!Disney customer service, quality and expectation has declined drastically. We were treated appallingly. Do not expect the same level of service disney once offered. We have spent many holidays over the years even the millennium and this year all our hopes and dreams and previous memories were shattered. Beware of security staff if you ever think of attending electro land my daughter and partner were forcibly removed without any explanation and were told after when we put in a complaint that they were disruptive and causing a disturbance which was completely untrue. We asked for cctv evidence and this was refused!! Disney failed to even give us any explanation and stood by their heavy handed unscrupulous security staff. Please please be aware and think twice before attending this festival in a place where you would think would be a safe friendly environment. They have even surreptitiously shut down on all communication blocking my daughter in her attempts to get this resolved via email, and social media.We were in the Park 2 days and we spent most of the time in the queue, despite the fact we had priority tickets! Queue to get in, queue to eat, queue to buy a drink, queue to buy ice cream and priority tickets don't give you an advantage on majority attractions, hence more queues! Priority tickets are advertised as having 'extra magic time', which means you can enter the park earlier in the morning, but I am not sure what is the point as we went straight away to Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, but it was closed until Part opens for everyone else and we could not print the priority tickets before that time either. Also it seems that if you hold one priority ticket for a ride which you can go on in 3h you cannot print another one! Hence I would say the only thing priority pass lets you do is to queue for majority of the time 'outside of the queue'. Not a great value for money. We also found that some attractions were closed and staff standing outside did not provide a reason. We also faced multiple planned renovation closures.I have installed a Disney app to monitor the queues, but when the app said 15min queue it was 45min, we also found that sign outside the 'Meet Mikey Mouse' said 10min queue and it was 45min again.We did like the rides: Pirates of the Caribbean and 'its a small world' the most.We purchased 2 day pass but only went 1 day. We actually left early because we didn   t want to wait in any more lines. 1.5 hour wait for rides. 30 min wait for food and drink. Lines for vendors. No benches or anywhere to sit. They should rename the park Lineland, ParisPrior to arriving, I called up Disneyland Paris direct to request for a fridge in the hotel room within the park and was told that the hotel does not have any in room fridge. On a previous trip, this was not a problem and was promptly arranged.The operator said that in lieu of an in room fridge, I can use the fridge at the reception and I made it clear to the operator that I was storing food for my young one. Upon arrival at the hotel, I was informed that only medicines can be kept and this was strictly the case to prevent contamination. We understand the concerns and acknowledge the real risk of contamination so we did not push our case any further but we were also not offered any other alternative when we asked. In the end, fresh food that we brought had to be thrown away as there was no way to properly store it.We were then given a slip of paper to contact the guest communications department and after sending them an email, I was informed that it was the wrong email address as it had changed and when I resend it to the correct address, I was informed that there was a high amount of correspondence and that we would receive a reply withn 15 working days or we could call a line that charges a fee per minute.Next when we finally got to the parks, I was prevented from entering because I had a paramedic scissors in my bag, the type with a blunt edge but is useful for cuttring bandages. This scissors is less than 6in long and in all the domestic and international flights I have taken, I was never forbidden to bring it on board. Not one to argue with security, I trekked back to the hotel room to leave the scissors in the room. Upon return I looked up the rules again and the only line suggesting that this was forbidden is the line  items that we may deem harmful, disruptive or inappropriate . It is alright if the officer thought this was a dnagerous weapon but the problem is that I saw many others taking and using forbidden items such as portable chairs, selfie sticks etc.This was the worst Disneyland experience I had after visitng 4 different parks in the past years.they should better change their name to long queue land. everywhere its long queue ,some even goes to 120.min of waiting time. on top of it , same long queue for buying food as well. singapore universal studios and dubai's bollywood park is far far far better. pure waistage of money and time.Do not eat from the hamburger outlets inside the park. I was rushed to hospital with severe stomach pains, then spent a week in hospital on my return to the UK. I was in so much pain and lost so much blood. Avoid at all costs. The thought of returning there scares me.As a lover of Disneyland and world in the States I travelled with my family. Arrived at Davy Crockett Ranch with a baby and staff were very rude. Breakfast vouchers were received for our party however they would not provide any food for the baby (2 years old) or allow us to buy any thing from the breakfast hut and breakfast was either a croissant or cereal with a tiny dry baguette with nothing on it. In the park I had been advised that the bays for prams were safe. We couldn   t believe that after we had been on the first ride we got back to the pram bay to find our   500 pram had been stolen. We went straight to the attendant in the hut next to the prams and he literally laughed in our faces and said that was the third taken today. We were told to walk to city hall and they were so dismissive and were no help at all. We eventually gave up as speaking no french we where advised we had to get a taxi for half hours drive away and report it. Totally ruined the first 3 days of our trip as we spent most of the next day looking for a pram for our baby and eventually got one and a lock . The park and rides were fun but the staff could learn so much from the Americans who simply can   t do enough for you.Visited for 3 days with my husband and 5 year old son, and couldn't wait to get home. It was absolutely abysmal, the crowds are dangerous, I mean there are so many people it's literally dangerously overcrowded. The queues for everything are disgraceful, you spend 8 hours in the park and have time to go on about 4 rides due to the queues, we bought an autograph book, and got 2 autographs the whole time we were there, as the queues for meet and greets are all over 2 hours long. I'm not sure how there are so many positive reviews for this place, it certainly isn't  magical  or  special  it's ridiculously overpriced and incredibly stressful. Some of the staff are incredibly rude too, one physically shoved my husband out of the way when he was stood waiting for the parade. Even my son hated it, by the third day all he wanted to do was go back to the hotel and play on the little park, I regret massively paying for this family holiday. My advice to anyone thinking of booking... don't do it! You'd get more  Disney magic  from a Disney DVD... Either save for the parks in Florida or take a trip to your local theme park where you'd have a much better time and save an absolute fortune. I was absolutely appalled with how poorly this place is managed! They oversell their tickets resulting in the park being so beyond overcrowded to the point of it being a health and safety risk of suffocating! The density of the crowds was a particular nightmare for me as I am a highly sensitive person who gets really panic stricken being in crowds usually, but this was on a whole new level from the usual crowds I've had to suffer with before! They clearily oversell their tickets instead of setting a limit to the amount of people that enter the park and controlling it, as like I mention crowds are beyond abysmal and you wait in queues for rides for 1 hour and a half, so long that by the time you're done there you've only gotten round 2 or 3 rides. Not only that but literally whenever we went to one of the restaurants there to eat there were endless queues which were moving verly slowly, which was also the same for whenever you wanted to get a drink from a cart truck or something, which is so impractical and wrong when it's something essential like food and drink that you need. I mean yes it was peak season being the end of August but I still think there should of been some control over the crowds queues to make things more accessible, like not overselling their tickets.Something that really infuriated and disgusted me was when we were in the studio park and there was a sudden rainstorm, we were queuing outside the theatre place to see a show there where there was such a dense crowd to say the least, mostly due to the fact it was raining and people were trying to shelter, that there was an actual risk of suffocating as there was not control or structure of this crowd. I was infuriated and disgusted by the fact that there were no staff controlling this crowd, to say for instance that there were too many people and this crowd was all too unstructured and out of control and getting rid of lots of the people nearer the back, but instead they made the crowd worse by asking people who were just sitting down out of the queue to shelter from the rain to get up and join the queue, not the back of it but beside the people who were already at the front, despite the fact they were outside the barrier and people outside the barrier are not allowed to join the queue, so they were basically breaking their own rules! It was disgusting, they didn't do anything to control the extremely dense crowd, instead making it worse, and just stood there apathetically, letting the crowd go denser and denser making people wait for ages. We left the crowd eventually ofcourse.Just overall appalling.The park was crowded even in an yellow orange rated day. A lot of rides were either broken or in maintenance, and even the best ones, like the Aerosmith Rock'n Roller Coaster, Phantom Manor, Pirates of the Caribbean and Star Wars hyperspace Mountain.We spent our fast pass in the Big Thunder Mountain, which got closed while we were in the fast pass queue to enter it, due techinical problems! And it was not solved that day! And due the time restrictions, we were unable to reschedule it.The Fireworks show was too late, when we reached the metro station in Paris, the metro was already shutdown, take care when planning it.If you already visited the Florida parks, don't waste your time. Even the queues in the Florida parks are funnier than the Paris' parks.Hated the place. An absolute fortune to get in and then rides no better than you would pay   1.50 to go on at a local fair. My granddaughter is 6 and the rides she was able to go on didn't have fast track and the queues were over an hour long. The queue for the extremely poor value for money food was just as bad. Talking to a few people, while we queued, the overall impression is that they don't care about the people going there, they just want your money. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and would give it a minus rating if that was at all possible. My tip is go to the fun fair near the Louvre. The rides are much better and a bargain when compared to Disneyland.I would recommend people avoid this place like the plague in holiday times2hrs min wait time for every ride we had, kids were bored and fed up with the queues being over 2hrs for everything.we had fast pass tickets ability which my sons used a couple of times before all the ticket machines were covered over.in total my 7yr old in the space of 8 hrs visited 5 ridesmy boys got the same result being teenagers we let them run for the rides but even they only got on a few rideswe have been to other parks like asterix and walligaytor and gone on so many more ridesby 6pm they were totally fed up of queuing up and wanted to go home, understandablyso much miliage between rides just tired em out and the fact the park was flooded with people.dont waste your money, looks good but it isntthere are more food places than ridesWhere do I start, filthy, smelly, dirty etc. Food appalling, service pathetic, ignorant and frankly nasty staff. Meal plan, waste of money and time, 2 hour queue just for food, horrible cold food with a pathetic choice. Bus to park, well get to the    queue    last and you will get on the bus, no such thing as a queue you need to learn to PUSH even over kids and disabled NEVER seen anything like this DUMP. This is NOT Disney. Pathetically run franchise.I was advise by my holiday company to go to the city hall Donald duck desk for disabled tickets which we did they took photocopies of my blue badge and gave me four tickets for each of us my carer and my two grandchildren we went and hired a wheelchair as I cant walk that far the walk from the buses to the park was long enough all rides we went to despite being in a wheelchair and showing them my badge we were not allowed on we were told we needed a green card we left the park and went to the studios and again the only ride we could get on as there was no waiting was magic carpet ride still could not get on any others we were advised to go to the information desk who gave us a green card first ride we tried to use us we couldn't as it was reserved we got on one ride my husband was in agony trying to push a chair and trying to keep two young children safe as he has arthritis in his arms we had had enough so we had paid nearly three hundred euros for one ride no one moved for us the buses were the same my grandson fell over cutting his leg I took him into a store for first aid and was told to come back at two oclock I had been stung by a wasp earlier so I am glad I didn't go into a shockMe and 3 friends went to Disneyland Paris to spend the bank holiday weekend, one of my friends has recently had to start using a wheelchair, it was her first time ever going to Disney and had always been a dream of hers. On our second day we were discusted with the treatment she received , when trying to get onto a ride the staff were rude, shouted at her, told her she was forbidden on the ride because she could not walk by herself (hence the wheelchair and the fact we used the wheelchair ramp access) and between themselves talking about her and laughing at her in French obviously not realising that most schools in England teach French. Even if you didn   t understand French the hand gestures and pointing were enough to understand. We then found one of the managers of the entire park, waited to see her she apologised but couldn   t keep a straight face and laughed on a couple of occasions to which her end statement was    what do you want me to do about it it   s done   , so much for a magical holiday destination this was my 3rd visit to Paris and I will not be returning. Discusting !!What an absolute waste of a day. Expensive to enter, when you get inside every place is trying to sell you more. We paid extra for the jump the queue which finished at 11am.. The wait for rides was ridiculous . We waited 50 minutes in line to get a lunch that should have been part of the deal, as it   s value was minimal. Much better fun parks around. Disneyland, your days are surely numbered.parents and I took 5 year old son. got on 3 rides. There for superheroes saw none. Extortionate pricesI'm a huge Disney fan! I love all things Disney...... except Disneyland Paris. It is an embarrassment to the Disney name. * Lack of maintenance, the park looks tired to say the least* poor hygiene, toilets are dirty * Lack of staff in every respect in every area and every department there is a vast lack of cast members.* hardly any characters! Forget the adverts with the Disney Character's around the park, no chance!!! Try queing for hours if your lucky, all the marvel characters are usually fully booked prior. * poor mannered, miserable, rude, slow cast members. * poor management, try asking for a manager, no chance! They have tens of thousands of people turn up a day, you don't matter. It's a take it or leave it scenario. In conclusion, save up for a bit longer, bite the bullet and go for a once in a life time trip to one of the American Disney's, they are truly magical and the Americans know how to do customer service.As the American Cast Members say 'have a magical day!!'I was bursting with excitement at finally visiting Disneyland, I bought my Minnie ears on the way in and skipped through the entrance gates, but what a disappointing anti climax this place is! It quickly became apparent that there are very few decent rides when it comes down to it and the queues are ridiculous. I am realistic and expected to queue and explained to the kids they would have to be patient but after four hours and only two rides they were beyond bored and it became heartbreaking while we tried to gee them on to wait for yet another ride that had then broken down. There are hardly any Disney characters circulating the park and long queues to meet the few who were there. Compared to Port Aventura, Alton Towers and Puy du Fou this place falls very short! I think if you have very small children who like little rides you will be ok and get your money   s worth but anything over 8 years old and there are better places to go.The one plus point is the clean toilets, that   s the only thing I can be positive about. I   m so disappointed I   m going to cut straight to the chase.Disney Paris is a joke.People need to take off their rose tinted romantic glasses and look at the place for what it is. Everything, and I mean everything is geared towards taking your eyes out and pissing you off and creating suffering. I   m not going to slag off any of the cast members for being rude as I didn   t see any of that.My issue was to do with the experience itself. There is no way that the park is geared toward children at all. If it was, the process for getting your kids on a ride would have been better engineered or managed. The times for the display at night would have been more focused for small kids too. 11pm for the Final closing show and kids sitting on concrete for 2hrs before to get half a good view. No good got my 2 small children.It was incredible to experience to watch parents making small their children wait for over 60  min for a 30sec Peter Pan ride.I seen 3 4 years olds lying on the floor looking exhausted in the longest queues I   ve ever seen. Tantrums, crying and arguments between couples. It is all well and good getting a fast pass if you want to go on one of the rides for older kids (p.s they don   t work as well as you would expect.) But none of the rides for small children who are a lot more exposed in every way to tiredness etc are organised that way. We went for a fast past for one of the rides at 10am in the morning and was giving a time at 10pm that night to return... bare in mind we now couldn   t use that fast pass entitlement until we had been on that ride. Effectively wiping out any point in having one. They don   t tell you that you have to queue for absolutely everything.We queued for 40min in our hotel when we got dropped off just to get our room.We then queued for 25min to try book tables for restaurants over the next few day... to avoid queues.Then we queued for our photo passes for ages. Remember we haven   t even left the hotel yet and we had been queuing for over 2hrs. Expect to queue for any toilet Expect to queue for any food (which is terrible)Expect to queue for park accessExpect to queue for every rideExpect to queue for every single thing.The majority of our trip was standing in a queue. I honesty don   t understand how anyone can justify this as being a positive experience. This may sound obvious but seriously it   s something to consider. 95% of the spoken language on the attractions etc is in French. Now this may seem silly that I mention this but my little 4 year old girl loves marvel. The shows and experiences etc were predominantly in French. I could see how much she was gutted by not really understanding what was going on.The closing show at 11pm. Most of the Disney songs are sang in French. Yes there is the odd English songs and narration on rides but trust me.. you better brush up on your French $77 for an adult meal (for example) in the park so plan ahead for snacks and drinks.What I will say is that the magic bus and all the shuttles worked amazing. They were very dependable and just worked really well.I will never go back there as long as I live (Paris). I should have took my friends advice and gone to Florida. Next we try it we will not try to cram in all in 3 days and take 2 weeks with a villa. Take our time and go when the littles ones are older. All this can be boiled down to poor planning, wrong time of year from us as parents I must admit... but at the end of the day an expensive like this which should be positive and enjoyable shouldn   t be so forced.Bare all this in mind when your thinking about spending   2k  for a long weekend in Paris.Save your money and go to America and do it properly. Don   t get hung up on the distance. We flew from the uk and by the time we arrived and got set up in the hotel with all the waiting times and transfers, it took 7hrs form start to finish. I though it would be a lot quicker with it just being a small hop... go to America.Poor, poor, poor....So much to learn from Florida, just not on the same level. Prices are obscene, from parking to food & drink.For:Kids loved the rides, and showsAgainst:PricesEUR 40.00 to park our campervan, that does not include an overnight stayEUR 3.95 for a drinkLong queues on every ride or showSeemed to be far too many people admitted on one day?Unhelpful staffNowhere to sit down, needs more benches or tables to sit downNo shaded areas to allow people to get out of the sunNot enough food outlets for such a big park40 minute queue for a coffeeAfter spending over $500 to get into the place we then had the pleasure of lining up in lines for a minimum of 45 mins in 35 degrees Celsius heat.  Don't waste your time, horrific day.We (parents, 10 year old boy and 5 year old girl) went on a Friday in mid August hoping it would be a bit less crowded than the weekend. However the park was packed full of people. It was way overcrowded and obvious that the park wasn't designed for such a huge amount of people.Everywhere you went it was packed. Not just in the queues for the rides, but EVERYWHERE.The queues at the rides where endless. The least attractive rides where at least 45 minutes. The highlight rides where 90 minutes .We got our first fastpass at15:00 and it was for 20:40 21:00   in 6 hours time!!. We could get our next fastpasses at 17:00 but all of the fastpasses have run out from about 16:15. There were no fastpasses left almost 7 hours before the park closed!Even if you started really early with the fastpasses you could at best get 2 or 3 during the day. Very far from the 6 that they make you believe you could get.We spent about 5 hours doing 4 rides and the sheer amount of waiting in line was just exhausting. We could see parents and children all around us with looks of despair in the eyes. We then went to grab a bite and waited over 50 minutes in line to get  fast  food and then had no place to sit. All around us were families sitting on the side along the streets trying to eat and rest. It looked like a refugee camp.At around 18:00 we went by the Indiana Jones ride and the wait was 90 minutes. I asked my son if he wanted to go on it and I would wait in line with him. He got tears in his eyes and said no, he just couldn't bear to think he would need to stand in line an hour and a half for a 2 minute ride. At that point we decided that put and end to our misery and just left. We didn't even get to use the only fastpass we had for later that day.My daughter was really looking forward to meeting Disney characters throughout the park like we did in Disneyland in the US and Tokyo. But there were NONE. Not as single Disney character to meet and take a picture with. Overall our experience was frustrating, stressful and discouraging. Also expensive at over 300 Euro with parking (not including overpriced food). If there is anyone from Paris Disneyland with a bit of decency reading this I would expect and apology and a compensation.This place is nowhere near anything like Disneyland in Anaheim Orange County California it's nothing like the original they have no food selection nothing to eat besides a can of Coca Cola a bottle of water some pizza or a hamburger they don't have restaurants..... We flew over from California we're really excited to see this place but it was such a let down and then the other Americans that we saw in the park spend some time talking to us and we all discussed how extremely disappointing this place is it's a complete waste of time there's nothing similar to The Magic of Disneyland in the states in Florida or in California the Disney Corporation did not work well enough with France to make this authentic~~ that is what was missing is I thought it was a very trashy version of Disneyland ....nofun no excitementWhat a rip off    25 euros just to park and     99 to go in ques were about 90 minute s for the rides and about 45 to eat     3.75 just for water whole place is weird like a dystopian nightmare the staff are made to dress like 17 century slaves the concept stinks of colonial America go to parc astrix instead We had planned to have the entire day in the park and thought that there would be lots to do but by around midday we were all bored and wanted to go back to the hotel. The rides were extremely dated and each of them had wait times in excess of 40 mins even the really small rides. I couldn   t believe how few rides and things to do that there were! The facilities were quite frankly disgusting. The toilets were so filthy that I was scared to touch anything. The food and restaurants were terrible and the staff were extremely rude and ill informed. The queues at the restaurants were insane and when you finally got some food the prices were unacceptable. It cost    54 for some chips, x2 veggie chilli and x2 fanta and it was not nice food at all. I was really looking forward to the parade so after killing 5 hours it finally arrived. It was sooo disappointing. There were around 6 underwhelming floats and the characters didn   t really engage with the children at all. There was no magic to this. There were no Disney characters around the park. I only saw Captain Hook who was walking from a to b. There was no interaction again with the visitors. The only thing there was plenty of in this park were shops. It felt like all Disney cared about was making as much money as possible out of its guests. A good example of this is that after paying    99 per ticket you still have to pay    25 parking?!?! That is outrageous!!!I was expecting it to be a magical, fun place to go but it was extremely underwhelming and disappointing. I would not recommend it to anyone ever. Euro Disney is great if you like this sort of thing. It   s like a tame version of Westworld without the robots, blood and sex. Great for children but if you are a conscient adult it   s probably a living hell   nightmare of a day. Lovely to see the children enjoying the magic of the Disney characters. It was really well done and you were immersed in the experience really well.I would prefer to take my kids to a real experience like a mountain side or Lakeland stream   better for the kids and me too!!! All in all I enjoyed it but for me it as a once only experience. I would not go back!!!This is a deteriorating park where most rides break down and is just a waste of money. I don   t understand how the Disney brand can stay quiet on the many breakdowns that happens here. Some staff also seem uninterested in working there to be honest. Tokyo disney was a million times betterLines everywhere, with minimum staff employed (except to sell stuff, such as 4euro ice cream that comes without a napkin). It's just about waiting. By mid afternoon it was hard to move around. Even with the fast pass system, you still have to wait. Waited 30 40 minutes for a ride that stopped working by the time we got to the end of the line. The staff cared very little   gave us a voucher to skip the line for the same ride, but it was not working so what's the point? Train stops at 5PM or something like that, boat as well. Glad we did not go for two days. Basically you pay about 90 Euros each to go on perhaps 4 or 5 things. And wait all day. Toilets not great or closed. When I arrived there I thought how American, when I left I thought how very not American. I guess it's something that you  have to  see once though. Kinda reminded me of a day in Ikea   has to be done, but it hurts.50 120min waits for rides despite having payed for a hotel within the park. Very poorly organised (a long queue and places empty within rides) many rides in maintenance or    out of order    when you   re already waiting 30min in line. We chose Disney because our daughter wanted to see her    heroes      well, it was a 2h wait for a    meet and greet    to get a picture. Very expensive restaurants within the park (45 euros for 3 people for very poor fast food, a sandwich, mac n cheese and a salad). The staff were badly trained. We will not be back, not worth the money. Wr do I start....... went to Disney 5 years ago with my 4 year old daughter and loved it, 3 parades a day one in each park and an allumination parade at nite it was spectacular so over whelming. Took my son 4 an daughter now 10 this week,    superhero    theme for the 25th anniversary and to my sons disappointment didn   t get to meet not one superhero as they are all by appointment only, never been so disappointed at anything in my life, one parade a day and it last 12 mins, the amount of money goin into that place Walt really needs to bring it back to life instead of an outdated commercialised money makin scam,    35 for 3 chips and 3 kids nuggets.... rides which u que for hours an last 3 mins max, not a Disney princess in sight and the ones in parade are still wearing dresses they wore 5 years ago and they look so grubby. The only good thing about the whole place is the fireworks.. Paid    50 for incredible suit an    25 for the doll and had to cause a scene in order to get my son to meet Mr & Mrs incredible because u have to book an appointment to meet them!! They didn   t mind takin my money for the suit thou...... Update your park an get the characters out in the grounds for people to meet them, instead of them just running past kids an they aren   t even aloud to approach them as they have security with them!!!!! Save your money an your time this is not fun!We were super pumped about taking the kids to Disneyland as part of our Europe trip. What a let down   there were more Disney merchandise shops than rides. Many rides were closed for renovation etc., and this meant huge queues for the few rides that were operating. This obviously led to immense strain for certain rides: we queued for Big Thunder Mountain (one of the few operating rides) for an hour until it broke and closed for the day. It is all filler and no substance   seriously just merchandise, there's not much to do. My son counted 32 merchandise outlets on Disneyland map app, and on the day we visited the rides operating were the (1) Hyperspace Mountain, (2) Buzz Lightyear Blast (actually okay), (3) Orbitron (addressed up merry go round), (4) the Autopia car driving, (5) Dumbo the Flying Elephant and (6) Peter Pan, oh and the aforementioned Thunder Mountain (broke down). The Swiss Family Robinson tree house feature looked exciting but its just a walk (yes, a walk) up and down a concrete tree   no slides, swings etc.I'm not sure how you would fill two days here; possibly most of this time would be spent queuing for your lunch in the Pizzeria Belle Notte. There's nothing vaguely magical about it. Actually the magical part is how it has kept open all these years. If this were my theme park I would be ashamed. My kids (10 and 8) hated it and of the 32 day trip in Europe they ranked their visit to Disneyland Paris as the worst day.Terrible waste of money and time. So disappointing.We visited in May, hoping it was less people. That was clearly a bad choice, it was crowded, crowded, crowded. All attractions had waiting time 45 120 min. The park should have a maximum number of visitors, it felt like a place you just want to get away from. Endless waiting time to buy food, no chill zones to relax. We rested on a small lawn, and was asked by staff to get up and keep moving. Of course it is expensive  , but that would have been OK, if the experience was good. This was just terrible. The kids was so eager to go, but Disney had got a terrible reputation in our family after this.What a terrible disappointment. We chose to spend our last day at Disney Paris   what a bad decision.The ONLy good part was the parade   it was exceptional.EVERYTHING else was disgraceful and a complete rip off.Many of the rides and restaurants were closed, which resulted in long queues everywhere...we waited for an average of 45 minutes per ride   VERY frustrating for kids aged 7 and 9...and really annoying for parents.Honestly, waiting for almost an hour for a 5 minute ride is NOT okay.What do they allow so many thousands of people in when the facilities available cannot cope.This is just ridiculous in the middle of summer, high season.....why don't they refurbish their attractions in winter when there are less people visiting?Totally ridiculous.We had to queue for a cool drink, pop corn and all the food and the prices were exhorbitant and the food was atrocious.Overall it was just a shabby money making scheme, riding on the back of the Disney label,We STRONGLY advise anyone visiting Paris to just avoid this awful experience. Coming from Cape Town, South Africa...our local amusement park is significantly better....on every level.We loved Paris but truly regret the time and money spent here.AVOID.Had a terrible experience at Disneyland Paris. I bought the 1 day pass for both parks and we decided to visit Disneyland first. There were queues of 60   90 minutes at most of the rides we wanted to visit right from the start. They have stopped selling the old FastPass now and there is a new system wherein you can get a fastpass for each ride individually for free. What it basically does is give you a time slot to return to the ride that there is a huge wait in, and join the fastpass line at that stage. However if you have collected a fastpass for one ride, you will not get another fastpass till you have completed that ride.It took us a while to figure this system out as no one told us about it and nor is it mentioned on the website. Hence we wasted 90 minutes on our first ride. In all we could only manage 6 rides in the entire day due to it being so crowded. The Disney app is supposed to show wait times but kept glitching and going off so we couldn't use it to plan our day better. We decided to move to Disney studios at around 6pm only to be told that it would shut at 7 pm, even though the ticket says 10 pm. Only managed 1 ride there.The kids were really disappointed as a lot of the rides were either closed for refurbishment or kept breaking down causing even more delays. Last time I go to a Disney park. Very disappointing.Purchased a 1 day 2 park ticket, entered the park at 11am and all went well until 5pm when the rides began to close. Took the children for an ice cream where a few customers were still being served only to be told they were closing and no morecustomers would be served. So off to Disney Studios to use our 2 park tickets only to be refused entry   special event only entry at an additional fee. No where was it mentioned about rides closing from 5pm or anything about a special event taking place when we purchased the ticket   did they care not one bit. Totally different attitude to that in FloridaIt should not have the name    Disney    on it!If you ever have been to Disney World in Orlando you will be totally disappointed if you go to Disneyland n Paris.Poor service from staff.Wi Fi does   t work.We are in July in the beginning of high season and there are 19 attractions closed!!! Yes, 19 attractions closed!    Totally unacceptable. How come the cam charge full tickets from costumers. The park it self is a super mini poor version compared to the original Disney World and they open the doors during high season with 19 closed attractions on a Friday. What a hell is that?!It is a MUS NOT DO! Don   t waste your time and your money.Disney World management: just close this park or sell it to change the name. It is a huge downgrade for tour brand.Huge, huge queues to every attraction, everytime. You have to stay in line 90% of the time of your day here. And they could implement electronic queue   just with digital screens and numbers   no, dear guests, you HAVE TO stay in queue with all your kids in these huge queues to enter in every attraction in Disney Land Paris. Please, hire Herman Gref to manage this place   he certainly knows how to work with overcrowded areas (see Sberbank case, please). Very bad managed business, sorry for that.It's hard to believe this Disney park and Disney in Orlando are part of the same company. The staff in Orlando couldn't be more friendly if they tried and every staff member I encountered in Euro Disney were rude, sour faced and obviously hate there jobs... The park it self is nicely laid out and clean.. The kids loved it but I will not return simply because of the attitudes of the French staff members..Many of the attractions were closed for  refurbishment , making the lines elsewhere ridiculously long. French have no idea how to run a Disney park. Same goes for adjacent Studio Park next door. Save your money and take the kids to Le Jardin d    Acclimation instead.Worst amusement park in europe.   2 h waiting in each atractions. Very ineffective french service at any shop. Behind the sence tramp was over in 6 minutes and were outdated.   An amusement park in 2018 without a 4d cinema???  Exremely overpriced.   Spend your money elswhere.Been to Disney many times in the US and here in a Paris. Hugely disappointed on this occasion, lots of major rides closed for long term maintenance, pirates of the Caribbean, rocking rollercoaster, phantom Manor, mad hatter tea cups to name just a few. This obviously has a huge impact on the Queuing times of the remaining rides, and given that this park does not operate the US online fast pass system it means you will be very stretched to complete the remainder of the rides. Obviously very expensive for us Brits since the brexit exchange rate turmoil but that   s our problem but....entry pricing should reflect the availability of the rides ! My advice would be to delay your visit until the park is up and running like something approaching normal operations otherwise you will likely be disappointed.This is our first of a three day visit to Disneyland Paris. A lot of attractions are closed due to maintenance: haunted mansion, pirates of the carribean, teacups, rock   n roller coaster, star wars, meet spiderman,...to many to mention acctually... and this on it   s 25th anniversary! Bad Disney, very, very bad!!!!Disneyland is a funfair where you should enjoy rides that have Disney themes and characters. However this is not what you get. The visit is very costly (about    130PP for a two day two parks), and your time is wasted queuing and waiting for things to happen which would only take seconds. My visit started 10:30am and ended at 6:30pm. During this whole 8hours we have only been to 2 rides!!!! How did this happen? Ok 40mins waiting to exchange the vouchers we got from online booking to actual tickets. 30mins waiting to pass through the gates. 45mins waiting for each of the two rides (which one was about 10mins long and the other 35seconds long). 40mins waiting to order and get lunch from one of the restaurants. 35mins waiting in mickeys house to take a pic with the character (done in about 20seconds). 50mins waiting time (standing) for the    famous    parade. Plus obviously the moving time between rides.In short this place is overpriced and overrated and should be avoided. Alternatively, if you have some money that you want to part with to get into a rich experience, you are better off going to a theatre, and you could actually go to the Disney   s Lion King play which is very nicely done and your kids could enjoy the experience without the hideous torture of waiting on your feet for long hours.Having never been to Disneyland before, I was rather excited to go, but upon our arrival and for the 3 or so hours that we were there we really hated it. First off, the   60 odd entrance ticket was ridiculous, particularly so as the park is genuinely made up of three quarters or so of shops and restaurants. Where were all the rides and rollercoasters? (I was expecting the works)!The queues were also atrocious. 1 2 hr waits for a ride less than two minutes. Not worth it and definitely not what I would consider to be a fun day out.It   s apparent that as many people as possible are crammed into a small park, with little rollercoasters, rubbish food and loads of extra costs. It   s obviously a prime example of capitalism at its finest and it   s no wonder to me that Disneyland Paris has had some financial issues. 3 hours was more than enough for us! Never again. Honestly, in my opinion Blackpool pleasure beach had better rides and that   s saying something!!!If you truly want a magical experience, a fun day out for the whole family (no matter what age), good quality food and decent rides and rollercoasters, get yourself to Tivoli in Copenhagen!I tried to buy online tickets for my family at the Disneyland Paris Parks. The system allowed me to input all my details including my credit card but gave an error message in the end. After trying 10 times, I decided to call Disneyland Paris directly. The phone was busy most of the time and I was receiving call us back later messages. After trying over 10 times, I was able to reach someone he was nice and friendly. I bought tickets for 2 parks for 2 days valid for a year and then I received a confirmation number.After I hang up, I received online confirmation and a link to download my documents. I downloaded but it was almost the same document without any barcode. As an experienced traveller I started seeing in my dreams potentially going through the torture how to convert this document into bar coded tickets. The time came, we went to Disney Paris and it was worse than my nightmare. They guided us to 3 different waiting lines at which we waited more 45 mins each. I spent more than 2 hours for buying these tickets and spent more than 2 hours finding the right queue for converting my letter confirmation into my barcoded tickets. Now, I am still waiting my turn at the guest relations while writing these sentences. I do not know what will happen next..After talking to a Disney rep at the hotel we were staying at, we decided to get the park hopper for an extra $50. It cost us $167 per ticket. Now you think the rep would have told us about the incredible wait times but nope, she didn   t....must work on commission.So we head to the park the next day, going through security is hilarious. They think they are protecting the country. My belt set off the metal detector. I told them it   s my belt. I was pulled aside, and they use a hand held on you, shirt up, belt buckle flipped...because you can hide so much behind that you know.We decided to go to Adventure first. When we got to Soaring, there was a 50 minute wait. Forget that, off to the next ride to find the same thing.We opted to go over to Disneyland where we found the same wait times. We had to suck it up and stand in line. We were so frustrated after 2 hours that we went on the boat that goes around in a circle just to say we went on a ride! The fast passes are a waste of time as well. You can only hold one at a time. We ended up going to get a fast pass for Soaring at 5 pm. We were given a comeback time of 8:30 to 9:30 pm....3 hours later!!At the end of the day, we went on 6 rides, 2 of them kids rides just to try and feel like we were getting value. It ended up costing over $27 per ride!!!I don   t know what bothered me more, waiting over 50 minutes per ride or the fact that nobody else seemed to be bothered.I wrote an email to Disney and got a so sad, too bad e mail back. I responded saying that we bought off or your rep and she should have told us that the park hopper was a waste of money. I received another e mail saying....are you still communicating with us on this matter? Sorry you didn   t like our response. We will not be refunding you anything. Our wait times are posted on our app......are you kidding me? I have to download your app to get the times!Their customer service doesn   t get it. They are making a fortune there and they don   t care about you. They don   t realize that not wanting to do anything for people just buys them what we spent 10 fold in negative advertising.Don   t waste your money. Go elsewhere.My review compares this park with Disney World and DisneyLand in US. The format is the same of course, more or less same attractions, Disney World is 20 times greater. But thw difference in the experience is given by the services: staff in Disney Land Paris is completely unprepared, most of them doesn't like the work (or to work!). Disorganization is the rule. Long lines for everything even on a mid week working day of May. By Long lines I mean 60mins for a horse carousel riding for less than 3mins, 75 minutes to eat in a fastfood!! I can't even imagine what happen in the week end!! It's obvious that the staff and people make the difference. Now I understand why this park it's on lose Very bad experience at all.Once upon a time there was a princess called Ava aged 6, she lived in the Magic Kingdom for a few days loving the wonderful rides and shows. On the fourth day she went on lots of rides and was very tired. She wanted something to eat and go to bed early. Unfortunately, the Newport Bay hotel did not provide enough facilities to cater for Princess Ava and her family for dinner and was told she had to wait until 10:30 pm to eat, way past her bedtime of course. Ava became tearful and hot with the stress of being very tired and hungry. Her mother went to the evil receptionist to explain the situation,    you should have booked a table    he remarked.    But my daughter is very tired and hungry she can not wait until 10:30 pm    she replied,    You should have booked a table    he said.    We tried to book tables on the first day in the parks and village but they were all booked up for the whole of our stay    she explained    So we thought we would just have to eat at the hotel   ,    You should have booked a table    the red eyed receptionist bellowed.    But we have stayed in hotels around the globe and have never been told we can not eat until 10:30 pm with a young child    princess Ava   s Mum said.    You should have booked a table    he shouted.    Are there any other restaurants available now in the park?    She asked,    No, You should have booked a table   , at that moment smoke started to appear underneath the receptionist and he turned into a 20 ft tall sabre tooth tiger, so Ava   s Mum said to Ava   s Dad I   m scared and we all ran away. Disappointed and crying with tiredness and hunger princess Ava felt sad. Her father went to get her a piece of bread and water so she could at least stop the hunger pains. She ate the bread and drank the water and went to bed crying on her Mickey ears and overpriced princess dress. Disneyland and the Newport Bay hotel lived happily ever after........ Just come back from Disneyland Paris and was really surprised that the price of everything has gone up dramatically. Not to say that we didn't have fun because we did, but compared to two years ago it seems like they are getting very greedy, so beware and try not to let it spoil your time away but be mindful of the extra expense. See attached receipts.We took our kids on a Europe vacation for 3 weeks, and Disneyland was supposed to be the highlight. We stayed in a Disney Hotel to get the extra magic time with 8h30 access to the park. We had four days, three nights at Disneyland and I will need a few days to recover from that experience. There were so many people. Everywhere. We kept track of waiting times for all rides with the app, but it really doesn't help much when the general minimum waiting time is at least 45min, even for the old, outdated rides. So that's all we did: we waited in line. Then you get your 90 to 120 seconds on a ride, and then you wait some more. Fast track is not available for most rides, and it's also closed during peak time (13h00 16h00). Quite a few rides are closed for refurbishment, and some others were just temporarily closed for technical issues. It happened twice that rides were closed after we had stood in line for at least 20 or 30 minutes, that was extra special. For lunch, we didn't even bother with real restaurants even though we had vouchers, we thought the fast food line would be faster. But even there you can expect 35 to 45 minutes just to place your order. It was really insane. The parades are very beautiful, but you better claim your spot on the pavement at least 30 minutes early if you have small kids, because there is not enough space for all visitors to see it. If it's burning hot like it was on our days, you better prepare to wait in the burning sun for a long, long time, defending your viewpoint. The parade is pretty much your only chance to see the disney characters, unless you feel like waiting in line for 60 minutes to take a picture with Donald Duck, Mickey Mouse or Goofy. For the princess, you queue for 120 minutes. What a great way to spend your holiday. Extra magic time is a bit of a joke. You can see there are a lot less people in the park, but most of the rides only open at 10h00 in any case, so the joke was on us, again. The park itself is designed in a really beautiful way. We couldn't really focus much on it as we were getting worried we would lose our kids in the crowds. I really thought they would have more playgrounds around, to take pressure of the rides, and maybe more rides for small kids, also to take pressure of the more popular rides. The railings were a clear sign that it's not even season yet. In season, visitors should prepare for a minimum of 70 minutes per queue, the more popular rides will take a good 2h. We spent a lot of money on this trip. I can see how Disneyland could be a lot of fun. I can't see how it is even legally allowed to let so many people in. Luckily we had our phones on us and we downloaded enough eBooks beforehand, so I got to read the new Dan Brown and an old Lee Child while   you guessed right   waiting in a long, long queue.What an awful place to visit, nothing but an overpriced paedophiles paradise, after earning a free 3 day trip for myself and my family, we genuinely expected this to be a once in a lifetime holiday...It is once in a lifetime, i would honestly never spend 3 days with 2 children aged 7 and 1 anywhere in the world and have less to do, the highlights of the park were the park (as in childrens park with 2 slides) and the scenery ('nice' scenary)The rides (what rides?) are literally scenary with little or no excitement, i checked google to find the top rides after day 1 thinking that we just have missed something, it turned out that we had already done the top attractions, leaving day 2 to try and find something fun within this ridiculously expensive mass of land (hence the park with 2 slides)After hours spent queuing for rides that would be disappointing at a primary school Fayre, we decided to watch one of the shows, this turned out to be just as awful as the rides, the same song blaring out for hours upon hours with no connection to Disney, yes the characters are there, but they simply don't connect with anything, its just awful music, repeating itself, again, and again, and again, and again, and again....My daughter had been massively looking forward to coming here and wanted to leave after 3 hours, even spending hundreds of euros in the shops barely helped matters, on day one she told me that 'this is the worst holiday you have ever taken us on'(and we've been to pontins!) on day 2 she told me that she doesn't want to sound ungrateful but, Alton towers is loads better (anyone who has been to both will agree)Moving on to the juicy stuffOn day 1, although disgusted by the place, i tried to feed my family at tea time, we literally tried every restaurant in the Disney village, all were either full or entered via the wrong door and after queueing we were forced to go to another entrance that was not clearly marked, After trying to spend a ridiculous amount of time in numerous places we eventually found somewhere that was capable of taking my money and putting something on a tray..... If I could swear here I would, we purchased 2 chicken wraps and a kids chicken nuggets, expecting as it's    42 that the food would be warm....Nope, the type of thing you buy in a petrol station half way through an 11 hour journey because you are starving, only 15 times the price,Day 3 will occur tomorrow and this is the most exciting day, simply because we get to go home, no one could possibly pay me enough money to take my family to this vile place again !My boyfriend and I visited visited Disneyland years ago, and I had fond memories of it. Perhaps we were lucky as we went during a quiet time (week before Easter) and we enjoyed the rides and other attractions. Fast forward 12 years, and my boyfriend and I are married with two kids, 9 and 7. We booked a trip to Paris, and I was keen on visiting Disneyland for two days (the husband wasn't so happy about it), so I booked online and bought tickets for two days, Friday 25 and Saturday 26 of May.We arrived at Disney only to be greeted by huge queues to get through security. Then more queues to scan our tickets. After 30 minutes, we finally made it into the park. The first ride I wanted to go in, the train that goes around the park, already had a waiting time of 60 minutes. Things went downhill from there. Huge queues at most of the rides, some rides were not working, fastpass was not working on some of the most popular rides. The children started complaining about lunch time, and asking when could we go back to the hotel. I had spent a lot on money on the tickets, so by golly we were staying for longer. They wore me down around 6ish, so we went to the shopping centre near the hotel and they had more fun on the little playground area than Disney. When I announced that we had tickets for the following day as well, they groaned. As it was a Saturday, it was even worse. Ridiculous queuing, fastpasses working only on half the attractions with fastpass, more shops and restaurants than attractions, and the hordes of people. Oh, the hordes. Buying overpriced ice creams (nearly 4 euros!!!!), drinks, meals and assorted tat. I gave up all hope at around 5ish, we went back to the hotel, had a nice meal at the restaurant nearby, and swore never to set foot on that hellhole again. My children would never forgive me, and they are the ones who are going to choose my care home when I'm old.The only highlight of our trip was the day spent in Paris. I wish I had known, we would have had three days to spend in beautiful Paris instead of on.So, a quick summary:*Too many people. Seriously, WAY TOO MANY PEOPLE*Stupidly long queues (see above)*Tired rides, fastpass unavailable in over half the attractions with fastpass*overpriced food and drinks*Unhappy childrenNEVER AGAIN!We choose the middle of May to try and avoid the peak summer months.Weather was fine. Disneyland Park and Disney Studios Park on the other hand were terrible. Both where visibly overcrowded and most rides had a waiting time shown of 50 to 70 minutes. I wonder how it must be during peak season. This was supposedly off peak and the chaos was the same each of the 5 days we stayed there. Buying a  FASTPASS  didnt help much as it is not valid between 1 and 4 pm and making a booking gave you a time of 5.30pm or later. Haunted Mansion was closed for refurbishment, Space Mountain was closed due maintenance. The waiting time also was ridiculously long at the fastfood outlets and those few restaurants offering sit down table service you couldnt get a table unless you booked the previous day. All in all a waste of our time and money. We paid for the Disneylandhotel (5 nights at halfboard) with park passes included for 3 of us the stupid price of 4300euro. On a positive note, since we were firced to skip several breakfasts, lunches and dinners, voicing my frustration upon check out, the reception at the hotel offered us a partial refund in exchange for the meal vouchers we were not able to use due overcrowding in the available Disney restaurants. We visited Disney in other countries in previous years and this is about the worse experience we had ever. A very disppointed family who is not ready to repeat this disaster anytime soon. Next time we will choose smaller less crowded attraction parks and say away from this ill organized large production line factory.So so overrated, what a load of crap. Hectic is an understatement and very very expensive to eat and drink their. Room was dirty would never go back we will stick to the Caribbean! My 3 year old hated it I did to.Wow. How the mighty have fallen. I have not been for about 12 years and was totally horrified to find out how much the place has deteriorated. Quite a few of the rides were not open.    15 for a burger. The main cafe was filthy. 90 minutes queuing for a ride. The whole place is in need of refurbishment. Comparing it to Florida there is no comparison. Rip off. The park and the attractions are beautiful and well maintained. The staff and service however is very poor and even offensive. The booking process was very time consuming with multiple calls where we were put on hold for 30 minutes or more, almost impossible to make reservations at restaurants and overall poor service. When we arrived: We are with a group with a person in a wheel chair. Upon booking nobody advised on the facilities for disabled (get the disabled pass!). When we enter the park with a wheelchair, nobody said: if you want a disabled pass, pls go to city hall. The most frustrating part is that every time I say I am disappointed, the response is    the rules are...   . I heard no apologies, no service mindset, no customer focus. When I ask to speak to the manager, I get downgraded to speak to one of the staff. Disney has missed the plot in Paris. Very disappointing. Well where to start.We went on a family trip for 2 days,1 night at Santa fe hotel.The hotel and staff were friendly and pleasant.So on the short walk up to the park we get to the disney village where the shops and food outlets are,looks really clean and tidy .You start to get into that magical feeling of disney,looking forward to getting in the park.Get to the entry gates greeted by a really grumpy rude staff member,oh ok not a good start.The parade starts not long after we get in so it makes up for it , so get back into it.Really good parade the pirate and princess.Starting to walk around and go to rides finding that a wait time of an hour for most of them in general. We go to get a drink and ice cream at a vendor, to hard for them to say hello and goodbye apart from how much they want.Not long into the park i say to my wife ,why are people looking so miserable jokingly. We did not see any characters walking around the park at all, you can wait for an hour to meet one.The magical feeling dissapering quickly here.The food is very expensive and awful ,frozen mush heated in a microwave.You can get better looking food at loan prices.A good thing here now, the closing show was awesome really good and felt like disney .My opinion is that the park is loosing money every year and this shows, things look tired and run down no money being put into it.The staff probably hate working there and wages are probably bad (my opinion)Not once did we hear welcome to Disneyland, you do not feel a part of it. I think disney land paris has had its time.Close the doors on it, this is not what Walt Disney would want of it. I am sorry to say this.There is no magic there.The last time I was here was in Septmeber 2011. They now have two parks instead of one. Visited on a Friday, so it was not too bad for the crowds. Disneyland Paris is now owned by Disney itself, so they were still in transition on how they where moving toward how Disney is usually managed. I purchased my tickets online and it would work at the entrance so I had to spend about 45 minutes with the ticket agent for them to re issue my tickets, as their system was being merged and couldn't find our information but I had showed them my email confirmation. The only thing that we really enjoyed was the Buffalo Bill Wild show. However, the meal they served was horrible! We had baked beans, ribs, one small sauage, one chicken leg and potatoes with either beer or coke with apple pie and ice cream. We're not big eaters, so it didn't bother us, however our dinner companions were mad, as our server never served us more than once for refills. Having beento all the Disneys around the Globe (California, Florida, Hong Kong, Shanghai and soon Tokyo), Disney World is by far the best, as you don't have to pay extra for fast pass and there are way more things to do if you're an adult.We've just come back from DisneyLand Paris and 6 rides (including the main ones   such as 'Hyperspace Mountain' weren't working). I wouldn't mind if we didn't have to queue for an hour for all the remaining rubbish rides but I think it was just a waste of time and moneyDisneyland Paris is so utterly shabby compared to its other parks across the Atlantic. Nothing    magical    at all about it   no music playing, staff are so miserable. For the price I paid for 3 days here you could easily get a cheap flight and head to Florida with its sunshine and amazing customer service and a proper    magic of Disney    feel.Too many equally miserable parents screaming at their kids too!Will never ever return   even Haven holidays beat the hell out of this place!Awful experience. Waste of money to stand in lines all day for absolutely everything. Our group was hangry all day. At one hotdog restaurant that we could bear the lines for, our items were bagged because there was not enough seating. Couldn   t even spend money for beer, even when trying, due to terribly long lines. Skip this experience for sure. Waste of time and money. Perhaps go to Disney village for a movie, walk, shopping, countryside train ride, but don   t buy tickets to the park. You will be sorry. Was so much overcrowded (march, weekday) that im afraid my kids will remember the lines, not the attractions... The park itself is perfect, staff manages the lines perfectly, but lines at security, entrance, toilets, restaurants, attractions, everywhere... Ok, its a kind of  must see once  for kids, but im happy that we are done with it...We visited Disneyland Paris over Easter Weekend 2018. We have been visiting Disneyland Florida for the past 10 years and decided to try the Paris Disneyland for a change. We are extremely disappointed with our visit to Disneyland Paris, maybe because of visiting Florida so many times before   however, the amount of money for a ticket to Disneyland Paris we expected more attractions   rides and general things to do whilst we were there. The park doesn   t offer many attractions   rides so all of the wait times were 60 minutes or more. There were also no fast passes left for any of the main attraction rides that we were wanting to go on. This being said, we were only at the park around 3 hours which includes an hour sit down meal. Considering a 2 park ticket is almost 90 Euro   s per person, we expected to be wowed with Disney   s Paris attractions as Florida has never disappointed us. I would not recommend anyone to visit Disneyland Paris and would instead recommend you save your money and visit Disneyland Florida instead which is a fantastic family holiday and experience for all   great weather, great parks and great memories to be had. Don   t waste your money at Disneyland Paris.Firstly there is the entry. Suggest you buy your tickets before you go. There was a 2 hour delay when we went to buy tickets at the park and staff keep shuffling queues around opening and closing booths. Logistically they failed. There is a total lack of staff outside the gates to assist and advise many people joined queues to buy tickets only to find after long delays they could go up and enter straight away. If you have a ticket with security checks and entry to the park it   s probably 30 45 minutes. If you don   t have tickets probably 1.5 to 3 hours delay in getting in. Then once your into the park you   ll quickly notice how crowded it is. It   s only just over half the size of other Disneyland parks and you feel it in lack of places to sit and recover. Ride wait times were ridiculous when we went with most being 40 60 minutes. That means you   ll be lucky to get 5 rides into a full day. The food is as expected very expensive and massed produced poor quality food. Queues are ridiculously long for even just a soft drink or water. Save your money Paris has so much more to offer unless your into queues spending money crowds and mass produced flavorless food. We went to DisneyLand Paris for 3 days with our children. We were so disappointed: the queues were incredibly long, there were very few staff and those who were around were not helpful. The food was awful and very expensive and to top things off the water fountains had been turned off which meant you had to buy water from the shops. In short, it was an overpriced and unsatisfactory experience. We won't ever return.Been to Disneyworld and Disneyland many times. The only way you would enjoy Disney Paris is if you   d never been to a    real    Disneyland. Most restaurants, food vendors, and rides closed. Few rides running were abruptly shut down leaving lines at those still running massively long. Gave up and left. GO TO A U. S. PARK and experience Disney as Walt intended. I have done a lengthy write up under Disney studios that covers all parks and Disney town,, but in short my negatives are it's run down and does not give the kids a true reflection on what Disney is like,, the french people are very rude to English but their are a few nice ones,, smoking areas don't get used by smokers they stand in queues and walk around with fags in mouths,, classy,, staff don't enforce it because you don't see any,, you pay around   4 for a can of coke and the parade has only around 6 floats so don't get too excited,, Disney town reminds me of a seaside town beach front,, so so dirty looking,, give your kids a true Disney experience and save and go to Disney florid a ,, Disney have really let their name down having Disney here,, no communication , information or direction,, it's not buggy friendly either,, you have to carry infants in queues for photos with characters and you could be standing for 2 hours,, My only positives are eating in the rain forest cafe really good quality food, best food you will get around their,, it's around   23 for burger and chips,, and I also recommend eating with characters which is around   65 but can be cheaper with your hotel vouchers.Went here in January for a day trip with my friend. We love theme parks and last year had done all USA Disney parks so wanted to add Paris to our ever growing list of parks. We had high hopes of this being as magical and overwhelming as other Disney parks.... God was we wrong yes it has the rides and has the castle but it just has no magic. Unhelpful and moody cast members. Areas where run down and incredibly tatty. Food was so basic and soo over priced I mean    16 for a basic small burger and soggy chips... Again magic people where is it. Also you policy on disabled people is different to USA this should have been informed to us as it wasn't and    20 to park in a car park that we are only there because we are paying to visit your park........ I can imagine is Walt Disney was around now he would be incredibly disappointed and ashamed of how his name is being used at this park.Fireworks where ok. But again lacked the size and imagination I would expect of a Disney park. Returned from a family 2 day stay. So disappointed. I can only describe Disneyland Paris as an overpriced, dated theme park. (If the rides are working. ) Visited with our 3 half year old son who was so excited to meet Mickey Mouse and the other Disney characters. Good Luck if you can find them! We found Mickey Mouse and queued about 1hr 40 minutes for a picture. Much the same for Pluto, Buzz & Woody over 2 days. Prices are extortionate for everything, everywhere is dated and on the boarder of dirty. Cold water in the toilets, no hand wash or paper towels. I actually feel we were robbed. Would not recommend , absolutely would not return even for free!! I really wanted to love this place, I have never been to any Disney as a child or an adult but everyone raves about it and I thought I would treat my partner and my two children (6 and 3) to a long weekend here. The price was extortionate but I thought I'm paying for that Disney magic and service so all was booked including Disney express for the train to maximise our time. When we got there we went in to the park to be met with 45  min queues...ok so it's half term to be expected, we queue go on the rides and the boys enjoy it that's a positive!We manage to do about 3 rides despite arriving at 2.30 local time, we did not spot any characters for the whole day and have massive issues getting any food. The light and firework show at the end were 10 mins where I really felt impressed and  wow  then back to the hotel(sequoia lodge) , nice check in staff but then we have to collect luggage and take to our own room   Disney not that express it seems ! Room is small, has 3 plugs only 2 of which work with a tiny and oddly shaped bathroom. Next morning we are up and out for those extra  Magic Hours  eagerly walking over to take advantage of our extra time...to see...most of the rides are roped off closed with some staff member telling u they are not open till 10.00. So we try other parts and they are closed, only one part of the park is actually open with about 3 rides all with stupidly long queues. The motor show in Walt Disney studios was great but again let down by the customer service. All in all I really wanted to love this but I just felt conned by it all, all they want to do is suck every last euro out of you for rubbish, the irony is I wouldn't mind paying through the nose for it but it isn't true Disney I felt no magic, no the  customer is number 1 , we didn't feel special and isn't that why we pay to come here? It's like any other theme park but you pay a premium to be here, I have been told that the American one is amazing, maybe it's a cultural thing but this one is very poor and a massive rip off for any food and drink in the park. Overall I just feel conned and slightly bitter about my experiences here and would recommend not going to anyone thinking about it, use the money and book a great week away somewhere else ! My family and I normally love Disney, and infact have Annual passes, however I have just returned after experiencing the worst customer service I have ever experienced there.While I was there with my family for New Years Eve I went into City Hall and asked if Jedi training would be coming back for Season of the Force, and I was told YES. So as soon as we got home i booked to return 6 weeks later with my daughter who has wanted to do Jedi training since they cancelled it before she became 7.As you can imagine my daughter was very excited to be going back to experience the Jedi training, and took it very badly when we arrived in Discoveryland to find out it wasn't on. I went straight to City Hall to complain as that was the only reason we went back so soon, to be told  Yes it was planned but then we cancelled it, if you would have checked online you would have seen that it was cancelled  (which I can't find any mention of a cancelation anywhere) and that  There are other Starwars animations and shows , which didn't really make up for the money I spent to get there! Don't think I'm the sort of person who expects compensation or anything like that, but I was shocked at the fact that even though I had explained to the the member of staff in City Hall the fact I was on a holiday I didn't need to be on, and where I'd left my wife at home with a our youngest daughter, all they could say was,  Sorry about that .So just be wared that they can cancel planned events without informing you, all of this after raising the price of our Annual passes by    150 each!I visited for a much needed break with my 8 and 7 year old in January for a weekend. We came from uk and stayed at the New York so my comments are based on just this   a Disneyland park package holiday. This included tickets, early entry, full board and hotel. It is also worth noting we have visited WDW before. I was extremely disappointed in every area. Firstly, pervasive were staff   they tried, but this left them acceptable   not the Disney difference and when things were not right, that customer service element was absent. That is so key to Disney, that attitude that you are here for something magic and we try to achieve that. The worst bit is they don   t even recognise it as a problem because it isn   t even part of the culture.The rides are mostly just that   there is nothing really unique here and what there is seems to have been pulled away   autopia not running, 3D show where captain eo was has gone, the fantastic pirate ship not open to public, playground closed. There is just no sparkle   lol those street performers, all the waving cast members on Main Street, all those ad hoc shows   none of that. It is just like another theme park. And seeing characters walking around clocked like some sort of creature rather than through hidden cast member access simply freaked my kids out. Poor show   Walt would not approve.The food is appalling   I made this comment 10 years ago on this site and prices have gone up and quality down. We ate two dinners and both cost over 100 euros and was inedible.The PhotoPass is beyond a rip off 60 euros for ride photos of low quality you don   t even want. As with many things you may judge this against the photopass you get in America were you will get dozens of photos taken per day   we didn   t get a single one outside a ride photo Conclusions   we enjoyed some rides. This was not worth the money, not special and destroyed buildings, characters and attractions that in America through these subtle staff and strategic elements become special. I would strongly recommend you don   t visit or if you do, go for one day, do not purchase food and stay off site The adverts are so far removed from the reality of this money pit. Low on fun, high on queues & extraction of money. Example. Queue to buy a ticket to see the princesses in certain time slot 30 mins. Then join the queue to see them and wait a further 2 hrs to see one princess. To then be told that they want a further    25 to see more than one of the princesses. try to get some decent food. It is all Deep fried and sugar. You might average 1 ride per hour if you are lucky. Bitterly disappointed as were the kids. Will never return. After being spoiled with Florida I felt there are some glaring problems here that are easy to solve.Poor service: I experienced poor service at some point on every day of my stay.A cast member stood right in front of ny 4 year old daughter throughout an entire parade, she turned up after us to marshall the parade and when asked to move slightly she stepped forward 4 inches and still blocked her view.Security wouldn't allow us to the Disneyland Hotel for breakfast as the park wasn't open despite me showing them proof of our reservation.A cast member refused to speak English to me when I was clearly struggling (who I then heard speaking English 15 mins later to somebody else)I went to visit Disneyland Paris last week. Before I went, I looked up the ticket prices on the website and in the brochure from my hotel in Paris, both said ticket price was    49.I then traveled out to the park and tried to buy tickets at the gate where the sales assistant told me the ticket price was now    79 and that the    49 was only available online. I asked them to show me where on the Disneyland Paris website it states that the price at the gate was    79 which they were unable to do.I complained and asked to speak to a supervisor which they begrudgingly allowed me to do so after making me wait 30 mins. The supervisor stated that the    79 ticket price was not advertised anywhere and never would be. I then suggested to the supervisor that by failing to advertise the    79 price, Disneyland Paris was breaching the European Union's directive regarding misleading advertising practices. The supervisor's response was that I should sue Disneyland then.I asked the supervisor if he was happy for me to post the fact that he had suggested I sue Disneyland on TripAdvisor? After this he became very defensive and quiet and refused to speak to me anymore.Long story short, if you are going to Disneyland Paris make sure you buy your tickets online, at least one day in advance and preferably from a third party provider (we ended up coming back the next day and paid only    45 from a company online, even cheaper than Disneyland was offering).Hour long Queues: For a majority of the rides there was an hour (sometimes even more) long queue.   For your customers that only stay in Disneyland for a day or two, this is quite a big issue as it means we have less time to fully enjoy Disneyland. FastPass: This is especially frustrating when it is virtually impossible to utilise the FastPass. You had to get to the ride you wanted first thing to book everything in advance rather than just queue in the FastPass lane like you would in any other theme park (why would you go to a ride, to then go away and come back?). Despite showing up very early all the rides were booked out too quickly by the time we got to them, so we didn't actually get to use this even once!Magic Hours and  Technical Difficulties : The above points pretty much ruined our first day in Disneyland, but we had hopes for the morning with the  magic hours  we were promised in our package deal. We were told that this gets 2 extra hours in the park before it becomes open to the public, however, our hotel receptionist informed us that this was in fact only 1hour 30 mins. Every minute counts in Disneyland and I've been waiting to get to Disneyland all my life, but we let it slide.... We head over to the rides that are supposed to be open at this time: Rock 'N' Roller and Ratatouille, but both are facing  technical difficulties  and didn't expect to be open until 10am   coincidentally the normal park opening time. At this point, we feel pretty upset, as we know that as soon as the park officially opens, there are going to be hour long queues all over again for rides that last a maximum of 7 minutes and an average of probably under 1 minute. But as we make our way around the park, at 9:30 we stumble across a reasonably long queue for Pirates of The Carribean, due to open in 30 minutes. We decide to queue whilst it's short and hope for a 40 minute queue tops (considering it doesn't open until 10am anyway). After 35 minutes of queueing   people from the queue in front of us begin randomly dispersing. We go to ask a staff member at the front what happened, and the answer? Technical difficulties YET.AGAIN. We rush over to the park train in hopes that we haven't missed our last chance of getting into a shorter queue before the crowds come out in full force, but of course, they already have. We suck it up, accept our fate, and wait... A train arrives. It's pretty packed but there are a few spaces here and there. They could probably take about a quarter of our queue. Wrong. The Disney staff haven't even opened the gate for us to line up at each carriage and before you know it, the train leaves. No one from our queue had boarded. Better luck on the next train. Another hour long queue in the freezing cold. Food: Table service restaurants:  but you don't have a reservation? Sorry, we don't have any tables left.  How can you fail to raise awareness of this? Had I been made aware of this at the time of booking I would have even made a deposit if I had known how difficult it was to simply get some food. There's no option of reserving online at all   you literally have to go to the restaurant itself to make a reservation   how would first time visitors know this? After being turned away by all of your table service restaurants, we tried to order just anything from a self service fast food restaurant, with queues as long as they were for the attractions and with nowhere to sit unless you sat outside... unheard of. Disney Characters: We only spotted 4 characters the entire time we were there   not including the parades   which doesn't really count as I couldn't see them, being right at the back of the crowd which began to form around an hour before the parade started, making it impossible to do anything, really... As with everything getting a photograph taken is also an hour long queue. Overall it really didn't feel like it was Disneyland at all. It felt more like a general theme park or even a pop up funfair during half  term with the only exception being the Disney illuminations. After complaining to Disneyland, they offered us free park tickets, which is an absolute joke as I wouldn't go back to relive the above if they paid me. When we refused the free park tickets, they didn't even refund us the price of 1 adult, 2 day 2 park ticket. Money Money Money is all they care about.I have purchased my tickets 6J084068 to disney in September, the day after I purchased the ticket I received a mail saying the tickets are cancelled. Immediately I called Disney and checked why it was cancelled as there was not clear reason and it was mentioned my money will be refunded. After few days I called it was mentioned it was due to some issue with the bank , so I called the bank to clarify but everything was ok at bank side, then I called back to Disney to inform the same. Then service desk confirmed that I will received my money in few days. After one month I called again to check the status of refund, I was told this was still under investigation. I had to make multiple calls and multiple mails to Disney to get single information. then I received a call saying there was some confusion. The ticket that was cancelled was wrong transaction and the reference number is different and there exist a ticket valid for one year for me. Have they told me earlier I wouldn   t have to waste my time following up with service desk and the people in service desk time as well. Due to this mis communication from service desk, we all wasted a lot of time. After that I checked the tickets mentioned by the service desk , I saw the tickets are not valid anymore, it was valid only till October 2017 . Now I again called to service desk , they said they cannot help me anymore . I don   t understand here, there was miscommunication from Disney side that my tickets are cancelled and I had to spend so much time and money to call Disney and mail them and follow up with bank and all and the worst part is the tickets are also not valid any more . I was just given this email to contact. That means I am losing my money , my tickets to Disney , opportunity to visit Disney . I would never have expected this service from Disney .I'm in a wheelchair and need a companion to push me around the park and tend to my personal needs, so I brought my husband along for that role. The park refused, saying that because he also has a disability he was  not fit and proper to be a companion .En Fran  ais cela s' appelle  se faire tondre la laine sur le dos  which basically means they will get until the last nickel in your pocket!!!!It is a gross exploitation of infancyOf course winter is not the best time to enjoy any amusement park in France, you cannot compare with the weather in Florida or California but its does not change that it is a vulgar trapMy parents bought this trip for myself, my husband and our 2 year old daughter. I have never been to Disneyland Paris but I have been to Florida twice. I must say I cant believe how disappointed I was with Paris, the people were so rude and unhelpful and the organisation was ridiculous. 2 hours to queue to see the princesses with a two year old is so bad! The cherry on the top was New Year   s Eve night, we had to pay for tickets for the night even though we had day tickets. My mum who is nearly 60 and is registered disabled as she is riddled with osteoarthritis wanted to lean up against the fence as there was no seating, we managed to find a spot by the front of the castle to watch the fire works baring in mind we have been here in this spot since 8pm. Around 10.30pm some members of staff came along and put a rope around the centre of the circle for disabled people, we were not in the circle we were outside of it. Then all of a sudden the staff members decided that they had put the rope in the wrong place and wanted to section off the whole of the space in front of the castle and now wanted us to move into a crowd of 1000   s of people, we refused and explained that we had been here since 8pm and this should have been sectioned off earlier. They then sent their security to us and there was 5 massive men standing around us baring in mind by 2 year old daughter was there in her pram, they made us move and get crushed into the crowd. Now I totally appreciate that there needs to be a section for disabled customers but here are my questions. 1. Why was this not sectioned off earlier? As they shut the park at 5 and the reopened, so why was this not set up before people came back in? 2. Why was the rope put in the wrong place to start with? And 3. Why on earth did it take 5 big security men to stand around us and intimidate us when my small child was there?. I can   t honestly say I will never ever go back to Disneyland Paris I would rather save for 5 years and go to Florida then go back there.I would like to start by stating that I have never been to prison but I imagine it would feel the same. So you get to the park entrance by car at 8.30 and only half of the pay desks for your rip off 20euro carpark ticket are open and the queue is HUGE. At least 75 cars. The walk through gates aren't too bad if you don't take a bag but get ready to empty your pockets . .Don't faff about holding people up by trying to go through a  no bag  queue with a bag!!!! Then you rush to get your first  Fast pass  ticket, the time being 9.10am okay, the park only open for just over an hour remember. The ticket time was 11.10am. So, time to go and do a couple of rides right?? WRONG. You get to your first queue to see that its 90mins long. . .How can a queue be 90mins long when the park has only been open for 60mins??? Oh, thats right, because they only run one car for an hour so the queue builds up and you have to be there for two days not one, how silly of me!!!! And that was how the day went on, even a half hour queue for a disgusting soggy cold crepe'. Next day (knowing how long the queues would be and getting two day tickets) we got to the entrance at 8.10am to find, yep, you've guessed it, TWO gates open . . .And about 50 cars queuing. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PS, the rides were okay.More like slow pass !!! To give an idea of how this works . You scan your fast pass and it books a time slot about 4 hours in the future meaning you would have to walk to every big ride around 8 miles scan your ticket at every one and then go back again .. which is not possible and expensive . Average que time is 70 minutes . Con waste of money I would like to start with the recommendations. If you like to spend your days in line waiting, with a big crowd of people around you. This is the place for you. But if you are like me. This is hell on earth. First you stay in line to pay 300 euro for a family of 4. Then you need to use the rest of the day in line in front of the burger joints,toilettes, obscure attractions, and even the smallest coffee shops. I did know what I was facing going into this hell hole. But it was even worse then I did imagine. My recommendation is to keep away. Do something else with your kids visiting Paris.While Disneyland is a place for kids, there are adults everywhere smoking. Smoking vaping in designated area is not enforced. Kids near smoke everywhere. If you want your kids to breathe in second hand smoke, this is the place to be. The smoking spoilt the whole Disneyland experience. It is disappointing. I expected more.Last Saturday evening we had fast pass tickets to see Peter Pan from 7.40pm 8.10pm. We got to the ride at 7.38pm. There was a handful of people in the fast track queue. It was raining, we couldn   t see anyone at the start of the area so went under rope. Then a Disney employees ran and shouted at us to go to the front of the way in. Her manner was so rude and confrontational. We showed our tickets and she said we had to wait. There was no one else there and it was raining. But apparently we had to wait two minutes. When my clock turned to 7.40 we went to the front of the way in. She shouted literally it wasn   t time yet. I showed her my iPhone with the correct time on, she waved her watch in front of my face saying her watch was right. I said my clock was correct. She then shouted more irrelevant things. She can right up to my face in front of loads of people in the line for Peter Pan. People were turning round because of her shouting. I then said I was going to talk to her manager about her behaviour. She then grabbed her badge and waved that in front of my face and spelt out her name in her shouting voice as well. She looked so unprofessional, rude and nasty. She should not be working with the public, with that attitude. She was rude to people on another ride the night before. We were a family of 5 and she treated us like absolutely rubbish. We have been twice this year to Disneyland Paris and overall 9 times and have never ever been treated or spoke to this way. I have the persons name if Disney would like to know this information. She certainly doesn   t have the Disney spirit all the other employees possess. What has happened to Disney???I   ve been 18 times and this is the worst time ever. Staff are rude, look like they do not want to be there. Unhelpful and snappy. Not acting like they used to with the kids. The first time I went Disney was 10 years ago and have been nearly twice a year since. Not going to bother next year, gone completely down hill. Met another family and they were saying they had nearly just had their bag pinched and another family that said it   s awful! Hotel Cheyenne is absolutely freezing including the water! Slept with our coats over blankets. Despite no sleep the staff just don   t care. Breakfast we had to get from Disney village and my god it was awfulFor Haloween we returned for the 5th time in the last years at Disney Park and we were very disapointed.After ONE HOUR AND A HALF staying in line for Thunder Mountain we were kindly invited to go out because of mecanical problems. The same happened at White Snow. At 5h30 pm every attraction stopped working because it was getting dark.A huge crowd of people, so we have to wait half an hour to pass the security check point and one hour to buy the tickets, because only two cashiers was working. All in one, in 5 hours we made only two roller coasters. It cost us of 80    per person the entry and 63    4 hot dogs and sodas! This it was the scum of my life, really. An American bussiness managed by french sindicalists. A real shame.Never return there again.Everytime something happened to make us happy something else came along to wipe the smile off our face. Open the park at 7.45 a.m.   ok, didn't want that at breakfas time but o, then keep all of the rides closed until 9.30 (except for the really young stuff; teapot rides etc.) then when you've wied all that time and the rope comes away at 9.30 they keep you waiting behind another rope until 9.50 all with a kind of 'what did you expect' kind of arrogance. The shops constantly miss represent prices and offer false deals and we saw smallprint within small print  yes it is that messed up. Just one long string of disappointments. I can't tell you what a horrible experience this was   I feel disgusted.Tries to look the same , but it's all smaller and a little more cramped .After having been to Florida 3 times Paris comes across as a cheap copy of the real thing . Could prob do in 1 day , 2 days and you would start getting bored .Disney Florida is Disney Disney Paris is a theme park !We have just returned from 3 days in Disneyland and before reading this, please note that we did not fall out with anyone   so my comments are not tinged with bitterness   and we went with moderate expectations. Also the hordes of revellers seemed never ending so I am clearly in the minority:Disney Corporation's 'magic' is biased towards shareholders. I have too many examples of poor organisation, rudeness and cynical exploitation on the part of Disney Corporation to shake as many Euros out of us as possible. As the main beneficiaries are children and Disney inspired childhoods, visitors seem happy to keep opening wallets and purses for over priced food, drink, activities (were there is a service.... there is a price tag). What struck me most were the queues (to be expected) but also the lack of joy as families milled throughout the park. The exception was the immediate adrenalin after (finally) finishing a ride but the 1 2 minutes of each ride was tarnished by the minimum 30 minute queue, whilst Disney Corporation allows in as many visitors as it can to keep the tills ringing. This exploitative model will become less popular and the magic, I am sure, will tarnish for other visitors unless Disney Corporation recognises that, like other businesses, it needs to change for the better.Such a huge disappointment and, whilst a 1 star rating seems miserly on my part   especially as the family made the most of being together (which is the point, of course)   I can't bring myself to offering more!We came 10 years ago for the 15th anniversary and thought we would come back for the 25th because it was so lovely...we made a mistake! It's dated, the rides have broken down constantly, the Halloween party was terribly themed (We heard others complaining about this too), The lines are so long you end up walking round doing pretty much nothing all day because they have zero crowd control here. The 25th anniversary is nowhere near as good as the 15th they have just stuck some projections on the castle and there are very little fireworks (good money saving effort Disney!) Needless to say we will never come back again which is a shame because 10 years ago it was Magical and a lot more effort was made by Disney. I'm sure kids will love it here but in my opinion Florida is a much better option and is not much different in price by the time Disneyland Paris has ripped every euro from you.I dont normally give a  terrible  but I thought it was disgraceful that the park closed 3 hours early on the 31st October for a Halloween event that required additional payment No warning of this was given of this anywhere on the website, including when we bought the tickets and the hours were consistently given everywhere as closing at 10. I only found out when I check the park hours for that specific day The tickets were already peak price and no reduction or compensation was made. I wrote a letter of complaint and recieved no reply...great service! The terrible rating is, in part because I habe a right to a response to a well written and reasonable complaint.But the reality is generallity not good. It is true  the queues really are awful . The reason you have to wait 40 minutes an hour for a 2 minute ride is that Disney packs too many people into a park where there are simply not enough activities and rides. How people find enough to do for more than one day I do not know, even with hours spent queuing. Space Mountain shut down for most of the day and Ratatouille broke down when were on it. The unrelenting and aggressive merchandising is soul destroying  like being trapped in a huge theme shopping mall with a few over packed rides. The food is extortionate.My day was Ok I was with two teen kids so they were open minded, not demanding constant food and toys. But with little kids getting tired, bored and demanding things I think this would be unrelentingly awful and painfully expensive.My advice is very clear to people  either go completely off season (with your sandwiches packed) or go somewhere else   there is a very nice park in Netherlands that I dont want everyone to know about but I gave it 5 starsFirst Disney theme park experience and probably never to be repeated. For the amount of people visiting each day there are not enough actual rides so queues quickly stretch to over an hour. Fast pass helps a bit but still spent at least 80% of the time queuing and 15% of the time walking from one part to another. In total over 2 days went on about 13 rides across Disneyland and Disney Studios, so approx EUR 11   person   ride. Also because of the crowds, difficult to get onto wifi and even 4G. Expensive food and you inevitably have to queue even for the restaurants. Would advise any family to forget rip off Paris and rip off Disney and head to another city park (e.g. Europa Park in Germany, which is half the price, has far more and much better rides, and as a result you spend less time queueing). Not for American's who like Disneyland or Disney World. We went to Disneyland Paris in September 2017. It was suppose to be open until 8:30 PM, which gave us 4 hours in the park. The parade was our first major disappointment. Next, we decided to visit some attractions. Whole areas of the park were closed, forcing the oversold crowds to the few existing attractions. Lines were overwhelming and the fast passes were no longer being issued. Nothing seemed to be of Disney's high standards. We decided to salvage our visit by going to a restaurant or getting food of any kind. Everything was closed. It was expensive and not worth the drive to get there. Don't go if you're American and have been to any of Disney's American Theme parks. You will be disappointed.Attended for short break at end of school holidays. Paid a lot for the break and added extra to have a uprated room in newport hotel and  full board  plus meal plan. The hotel was nice but the room it's self was shocking. Very dated, basic and run down, at a push 2* at most and I'm hardly fussy. Spoke to staff who said theyre all the same! Food plan was far to complicated. Breakfast was a joke, then hard to find somewhere to eat without reservations and no menus to pre plan and with a very fussy child it was impossible! Then the park. So over crowded it was a joke. All about generating revenue rather than an experience. Couldn't see the shows or attractions and ride waiting times of over 70minutes!! A place aimed at children how on earth do they see this as acceptable? My boys are good but like me anything over 30mins takes its toll. First day we achieved around 4 rides!! I know companies like to earn a profit but at the customers cost? I could understand if it was   20 a day but it's well over that!! We were all disappointed about the trip, the boys talk more about the ferry trip over than the holiday!! And to top it off, 4 emails later and still not even an acknowledgement!! Added to this still no response to the two emails I sent before the trip. It's clear they're all about profit and not an experience for customers. Save your cash as make your own entertainment!!The food is dismal and the eating facilities are depressingly bad fast food venues reminiscant of 1984esque eating halls designed to make McDonald's seem warm and romantic. Choose between this and outrageously expensive sit down restaurant where you are not warned how long you can expect to wait, but we didn't.The only thing that is brilliant about this attraction park is the cynicism with which it was designed. Tickets are so expensive that visitors are determined to get their money's worth, leading them to roam the park in search of elusive satisfaction and spending even more money on ubiquitous t shirts, mugs and cuddly toys. The rides, when you find them, warn you that you have to queue for 50 minutes unless you take a fast pass   which tells you to come back three hours later, leaving you more time to wander hopelessly and buy more souvenirs. Save your money. Go to Europapark.Why why why. Very poor break in 2015. You offer a return break for your 25 years free over night stay and 2 passes. Been to DLP 6 times. 2015 so much closed. So we take the offer up book for November 2017. Send in the requested booking details asked in letter to book extra night. Get a email reply please book extra night on our reservation number. Call up hotel fully booked so we book another hotel on DLP complex. Sent email back with details, get email back are we sure we wish to move hotels. Replied yes the same day. Got Email back 10 days later sorry fully booked in that hotel. Holding Mr breath after 6 emails back and forwards since August still waiting. So check in one hotel to check out next day to check into another hotel. Come on DLP. You have no guest care at all. We haven't even made it back to you yet and already disappointed. Called your reservations to be told you get 4000 E mails a day and not even a contact number to call you on.Pros: nice scenary.Cons: extremely crouded; at least five attractions experienced technical problems; extremely long wait (aprox 1 hour) for small children to meet classic characters like Mickey & friends, the princesses (why aren't they walking the streets of the parc, like they used to???); the attractions are totally outdated, the same as 20 years ago.Overall, very expensive for what it offers, really frustrating and big chances of dissapointing your child if he she's main goal is to meat their favourite characters.Too little rides, too many people, too long waiting times. And that on a monday. I cant imagine the horror in the weekends! Total disappointment. First and last time here.Before whipping out your credit card to pay for Disneyland Paris entrance tickets, make sure that you understand what you are buying. If you make a mistake, or misunderstand something about your purchase, DISNEYLAND PARIS has absolutely no interest in assisting customers with refunds. In fact, their customer support is so pathetic that you probably won't receive a reply to your emails and calling them does not help either. Disney should be ashamed of the ticket policies at Disneyland Paris!On 29 September 2017, I purchase three tickets and cancellation insurance online for 200Euros through Disneyland Paris's ticket agent, Ticketmaster.fr. When arriving at the park, I was informed at the entrance gate that there was an error on my tickets and that they were only valid for the following day. I was told that I have to buy new tickets and that I would be able to claim a refund for the unused tickets online. So thinking that Disney is a reputable company, and that I had ticket insurance through their online agent, I went ahead and purchased another three tickets   this time for 252 Euros. So I had now spent 452 Euros for three tickets into Disneyland Paris.This was ten days ago and even though I have tried many times via email and telephone calls to get a response from Disneyland Paris and Ticketmaster.fr and Mondial Assistance.fr (the ticket insurers), I have had absolutely no response. We went to considerable expense to get to France in the first place, and then to be ripped off by Disneyland is simply disgusting! Although we loved Paris and the many, many things that it has to offer, Disneyland Paris was a complete low point and extremely disappointing. Disneyland Paris is completely over rated and extremely over priced! Rather take your kids to the Louvre   Notre Dame   Versailles   a lot more educational and you won't get ripped off on tickets either. Such a waste of time and money.While park and ride was ok .. Met a v rude staff managing the parade .. totally shocked.. won't recommend this parkWe were prepared for the lines and ques, well we thought. Way too many people for the available services. It was actually a safety issue with this many people in the Park. Restaurants were closed leaving food lines just as bad as the rides. All the fast track rides had run out of tickets by 1pm   2pm leaving nothing but ques for everything. For 100 euro I'll go find something else to do. We had planned to visit the Parks in California and Florida but that won't be happening. :(It all feels like a scam. You pay an absurd amount of money to stand in queues for 45 minutes (for a 1.43 minute ride). You spend the whole day standing and waiting, and then the rides, the food and the activities are below average. The park seems to allow an unlimited people into the park and that is their only objective; making money out of people with children who then feel completely cheated. Everything is expensive, the food is average at best. You spend nine hours in the park and maybe get to five rides. You wait 45 minutes to meet some of the characters and then you are told that they need to take a break and the kids never get to meet the characters. It only does not feel like a scam, it is a scam.Dreadful place. Overpriced overcrowded and surely French staff in the restaurants. Go to America if you want the Disney adventure. Food was atrocious I mean truest dreadful.I visited this park in 2014 and had a great time. In March 2017, I had a miserable day at this park. The place was packed with people. Waited in line at restrooms for over twenty minutes in the area by the Peter Pan ride. Food lines were insane probably 45 minutes. We had park hopper passes, so we went over to the studios side late in the afternoon to hopefully find some food lines that weren't so long. We were unsuccessful and they were shutting down some of the restaurants for the day. We eventually found an indoor restaurant near the Buzz Light Year ride that had shorter lines. I think I rode 4 rides all day long. Wait times were way too long and we were only able to get a few of the reserved time passes. We did go to a few shows including the finale, which is the best thing in the park. My experience in the 2014 was totally different. We rode almost every ride in the park and had no problem finding food or using the restrooms quickly. It seems they didn't have enough staff the second time around. I will not return. It seems like Disney is not concerned about their guests' experiences.A total disappointment... waste of money. We were in the Ist batch to enter the park, I have toddler so height restriction made us to visit the rides that suites him.. but after one hour,.. its queue of minimum 45 minutes wait, moving ahead we saw, 75minutes wait for other rides, 90 minutes is too long to wait and take a picture with Mr. Mickey,.. Too much crowed and we didn't enjoy much,..we returned to our hotel in Paris by 1:30pm,.. our excitement didn't last long :(Be prepared for a long wait for lunch or breakfast if you didn't reserve one.I was extremely excited to spend the day in my dream theme park, however i was sadly disappointed. Out of the 7 hours that i was in the theme park, 5 of those were spent in extremely long lines!! Wait time for the main rides was around 60 80 minutes long. It also took 40 minutes just to get through the main gates due to 1 person checking bags!!! Ridiculous. For a park that is celebrating 25 years you would think they would have it better managed. And there was no notice that one of the main rides was down for maintenance! We also spent 60 minutes in a line only to get to the front and then be told it is closed due to a fault. Absolute waist of time and money.I'm a big fan of Disney (superb in Florida) but found staff at the Paris park lacking in service, nasty and they seem to forget who the customer is. I think that they should receive some extra training to be anything like the US parks. The food is expensive and don't bother with the extra hours or annual passes which are restricted to a small part of the park. Shame really.Disney fan at heart and have visited Disneyland in Hong Kong several times, so this review is a comparison between the two. Entering is chaotic and security personnel are just straight out rude and lack basic manners. When you are filled with excitement and joy visiting Disney, this is not what you'd expect to be greeted with. Lack of variety in merchandise within the stores, where the majority of goods are aimed at young children. Not much option or choice for adults. Despite visiting the park upon opening, the restrooms were on the poor side in terms of hygiene. The park is definitely bigger than Disney Hong Kong and offers more variety in rides. With that however, comes longer lines and wait times which is to be expected. For a quick meal you have a small range to choose from and are pre prepared so expect your food to be on the colder side. Hotter and  fresher  foods are available but after looking at reviews they either tend to be located within the Disney hotel or not worth the hefty price. The park was really nice with lots to offer. Unfortunately visiting the park during peak summer season is really insane. The lines are really long averaging a one hour wait. Even though all of the amenities and service provided are top notch you will will not get to enjoy it because of the huge masses of people in the park. Visiting the park during off season is a whole different kind of story.As avid Disneyland fans we have been numerous times over the last 20 years. Celebrating our daughters 18th birthday this year we chose the hotel New York and were excited at the 25th anniversary free half board upgrades. There was very little information available on the half board options until we checked in, where you finally find out all the 'cans and cannots'. Got there to find our breakfast had to be taken at cafe Hyperion in the park   if we wanted breakfast in our own hotel it was over   50 a day supplement! Ok, so we head over the the cafe, voucher in hand, queue like cattle for half an hour, to be given this disgusting, rubbery 'omelette burger' and dry, stale croissants. So much for a 'free upgrade'. More like a stab in the back downgrade. And the half board dinner vouchers, well of course everywhere is fully booked (they didn't ask tell me to book restaurants when I spent half hour on the phone to them booking our holiday). So now we're here all we can get is fast food, which is ridiculously overpriced and pretty revolting, again   thanks for the free 'upgrade'. In order to convince one you are getting free special upgrade offers they've downgraded all the services so if you want the standard you've been used to in the park, you've got to pay more whilst you're here. Sneaky, callous and underhand way of making more money and getting people through the door. Absolutely disgusted, Disney. In our twenty years of coming here we have never been treated so poorly. This was something that my parents planned for my family and I on holiday abroad. We all became very excited, especially my little sister. The parade was cancelled and lots of the rides were shut down due to rain. There wasn't a lot of really thrilling rides. I have to say that it is very publicised and rude that the customer services don't come back to you about any queries. The queues are terribly long and not worth waiting for. I was extremely disappointed.From start to finish, this place is hell! AVOID! Here's a flavour of our day... Bossy parking attendant chased after us and shouted at us when we tried to park at the end of the row instead of the middle, where he then ordered us to park. Long walk from the car park with several of the travelators not working. Surly security guard closed the bag check for no reason just as we reached the front (having queued for 15 minutes)   caused chaos as the whole queue then had to merge with the adjacent queue. Smokers everywhere ignoring the no smoking signs and no one making them stop. The breakfast vouchers we were given were only valid in one restaurant (the other one was closed even though it was peak season). They closed a third of the tills just as we arrived, no doubt just to make sure that everyone could queue that bit longer. Badly organised service meant a 30 minute wait for an 'omelette burger' and a stale croissant. Massive queues for everything, even the smaller children's rides. Several of the 'big' rides broken down for long periods of time with no explanation. A 70 minute wait in hot sunshine for one ride. Nothing, absolutely nothing, to amuse the children while you're in the queue. The FastPass tickets are a joke   if you don't get them as soon as you arrive, forget it! We tried at 11.30am and the next available ticket was for 6.30pm. Hopeless, and definitely not fast. Nearly 60 euros for four burgers and chips. Hardly a sign of any Disney characters all day. Daisy Duck and the Genie from Aladdin   not what you expect from the ads. And the worst thing of all   we'd booked for 3 days, so we knew we had to come back and do it all again! We hid our massive disappointment from the children, but even they asked why it took so long so that they'd only been on 3 rides during the whole day. In our opinion, the whole place is just one massive badly organised shopping mall selling overpriced tat. If you want to shop, eat expensive junk food or stand in hot smoky queues for hours on end, then this is the place for you. If not, give it a miss. We're NEVER EVER going back.Do the maths complete con spend all day in a que for rides last 2 mins too busy ....upsetting for children !!Park is as you would expect. Well themed with lots to do. Good fastpass system. You are advised not to bring your own food but I queued for 40 minutes in one of their 'fast' food restaurants. This is really unacceptable and seemed to be down to inefficiencies in the process. I recommend bringing food with you. Maybe this isn't normal but it is unacceptable. My partner and I are about to jet off to Universal Studios in Florida, and the excitement I feel at going back to that wonderful place reminded me that I hadn't left a review for our stay at DLP earlier this year. We went for the Star Wars: Season of the Force celebration, having booked two days, and were initially excited. When we arrived, that quickly vanished. Where to begin? The queues to actually get TO the entrance were unreal. No order, just a huge bottleneck of people funnelling through a couple of metal detectors. When we finally got through there, we discovered another queue, this time to actually get into the park. A WHILE later, we made it inside, and decided to have a bite to eat. Sadly, there wasn't really anywhere to sit and do that that wasn't already swamped with people, so we had to order counter service and basically sit on the floor. With that out of the way, it was on to the rides! Well, it would have been if there had been any with a less than 2 hour wait time. I gave DLP one star because the Aerosmith coaster and Tower of Terror were actually very good, when you actually got through the massive queues. As a huge Star Wars fan, I was looking forward to the show, however. That, and the sci fi themed area of the park. This part, however, was basically closed. Just let that sink in for a moment   They were putting on a STAR WARS celebration, and their Star Wars rides were closed. We nearly missed the show on the first day, because we asked about it at one of the information kiosks, only to be shrugged at vaguely because neither of us spoke French, and they apparently didn't speak any English. I should stress that the show itself was great, and salvaged the weekend for us. Sadly, I did not get a photograph with the  squad of stormtroopers  that we were promised would be patrolling throughout the day (2 guys showed up every hour or so, and were immediately swamped by people), and over the course of the weekend, we managed to get onto maybe 7 rides. And now you see why I am so excited to be going back to Universal, where they do everything so very much better. We'll stick to that in future, and won't be repeating our trip back to this badly run park. But hey, if you like massive queues and closed rides, this might be the place for you!Spent the last two days at Disneyland Paris. Totally shocked by the experience. Majority of the best rides did not work. Space Mountain, Indiana Jones and Thunder Mountain all with  technical issues . Huge waiting times which often resulted in the ride being closed before one got a chance to go on it. Sheep like crowds prepared to accept the worst possible experience. To cap it all off many of the staff that work here don't seem to get the Disney brand they are supposed to be ambassadors for. Totally clueless and unhelpful. Seem to take pleasure in informing you of difficulties. No investment for last ten years, peeling paint, old rides and total lack of magic in the park. Can't understand how Disney can let 14 million people endure this every year. I would write to the Chief Executive if there was any point to save people this. He won't read it as he is too smart to visit the park with his family. The only saving grace is that in 5 years time the place won't exist as it will go out of business. Visited when it rained in the morning only lace to shelter is the shops.. None of the character s we're available. Parades shows were cancelled or delayed so long that ckids got bored. Biggest waste of money. Go to a non Disney theme park that has decent rides. Kids will have a better dayI visited Disney Paris in 2001, 2005 and last month. Nothing new since my last visit. Same old technology, same attractions. Even the 3D movie (star wars) is still the same. That was somthing interesting 10 years ago but you can find the same now at you local village shopping mall. The queues are still long enough to kill the day. But you end up with an old fashioned attraction. They made no investment since my last visit 12 years ago. But they added a lot of new shops selling chineese Disney stuff for a fortune. On the day of our visit there was rain and they cancelled the shows at the last minutes without acknowledging visitors waiting for hours under the rain. Meanwhile they sold thousands of raincoats (for 10 EURs which you may find for 3 4 Euros at the city)....It was a promise that I gave to my doughter to visit Disneyland but was really not the place I visited 12 years ago (or it was exactly the same old place but shoudn't be)...I believe that there are much more interesting amusement parks in Europe and this place is just targeting to get as much money as they can from you...Came specifically for the Jedi training academy for the kids who had been hugely excited all week about it to be told it's fully booked for the day by 11am. Got here at 10am but an hour to get through security etc.  Really disappointedCrowded is not the enough to describe this place! Once you see the waiting times all the magic is GONE, nothing less than 55 minutos. People smoking EVERYWHERE. Fast passes are nothing but Fast since you can only get one at the time and you have to go to the ride walking to get it. The magical day we waited for was waiting in lines the whole day!! Another thing is that during the day Many attractions are  temporary closed  nobody knows why... Seeing the Pink castle was a dream come true but still never going back! I don't understand why DISNEY as a brand allows this kind of things. Very buisy in august don't get chance to do many things.Rides closed when it rained so two days out of our trip no rides for us.We didn't see any princesses in four days and the lights show was on at 11pm meaning that after a day at the park our four and eight year olds was far to tierd to stay in the park till 11pm or get on a bus and travel that late at night.Also fast track is a con.We tried to fast track a ride at 10am,it told us to come back at 3pm.by round about this time fast track offer closes meaning you can only fast track 1 ride all day.We would never go back and I would say it was the worst holiday a family of six as ever had.Very few rides, huge queues and just loads of rip off shops selling junk. Nothing compared to Disneyland in the U.S.Having seen the universal studios in LA, we went with great expectations to the Disney Studios and Disneyland Park in Paris. We went on a Monday to avoid crowds but it was not only overcrowded, some of their rides failed after our waiting in line for more than 90 minutes. The staff are overwhelmed and under pressure, no one was polite. Came back disappointed, having wasted a prescious day in Paris.The park is mismanaged. It is evident from the fact that they don't restrict entry when excessive tickets are sold out. We could only take one ride between 10:30am and 5:30pm, due to the long lines and failures in between. We wanted to give feedback and demand a refund (something we haven't done in years) but the line at the city hall way stop long and the lady at the gate rudely refused to hear us.I would recommend no one should ever go there.You're better off going to Nigloland, I'll explain why.From the moment you get into the parking area it is all highly regulated, draconian and not really family friendly at all. The parking is expensive and very far away from the entrance. The parking attendants make sure they direct you to the furthest part too! We arrived at 9am in the parking and got into the park only just before 10am. We then had to wait for priority guests till after 10am. By then the crush was so huge that my 6 year old daughter got banged and crushed several times. We kept getting seperated as a family by people pushing in and pushing us out of the way. My 6year old got banged so many times during the day she left with several bruises on her head one from a turnstyle that hit her as she went through it and the rest of the time from other guests!We struggled to find a toilet for her that didn't have less than a 10minute wait. There are no family toilets. she was so desperate at one stage that my husband had to take her into the men's toilet. There was another dad in the men's toilet with his daughter in the same predicament.Resting and seating areas were very clogged up so we struggled to find anywhere to sit down as a family for a water break. All the seating is for the overpriced restaurants designed to make you spend more money on the disney machine.Some of the staff were extremely rude. One of the staff members actually caused me to fall over by openening a gate I was leaning on to tie me shoe lace. He couldn't even wait for 10seconds for me just to finish. He just opened the gate causing me to fall down, no apologies but just a very bad attitude!The indication for waiting times for rides are wildly optimistic! Autopia said the wait was 45mins on their board but my daughter was kept waiting almost 75mins no chance of leaving if she needed to go to the toilet urgently.The fast passes are not really that helpful once you get one you cannot get another one until you have done the previous one. Usually they are several hours away. After 6 7pm you cannot even get one and again only priority guests are allowed in on fast pass! It's not even worth buying the super fast pass as there are only 7 rides you can you use in disneyland park.I gave disneyland park a star because some of the rides are good, and my teenage son enjoyed them but in the evening we got stuck on rides in the middle of several rides. There was a distraught child crying on one of the rides that got stuck.When we left with a our very exhausted children we were purposefully directed through the disney village with al their shops and restaurants which are designed to make you spend more money with disney. We got completely lost trying to find the parking lot and ended up having to go almost back to the park. No staff there to help you find your way out, no sign posts. Only a rude man on one of the other entrances who was explaining in French so we couldn't understand him to other lost guests that we had to go all the way back through the disney village to find the parking again! My daughter's last words were whilst in tears was 'I hate this place!' Is this the impression disneyland wanted to leave her with?If you are willing to spend the money there are ways the disney machine gives you priority but it's not about giving everyone a magical experience. For that you have to be willing pay quite alot of money!I did give it a star as some of the rides are very good, but you spend most of the times in a queue and very little time on the rides. So in truth Disney didn't make my daughter or my family's dreams come true. She had brief bursts of excitement amid long periods of boredom frustration and claustrophobia. It's a nightmare we won't be returning to in a hurry. You're better off going to Nigloland if you are in this area.Disappointing day at Disneyland in Paris! The park was absolutely heaving! The queues where unbearable! I queued with my 6 year old son for 1 hour 20 mins to be turned away 5 people from the front due to a technical fault! Nothing they can do of course...but we could have been given a extra fast pass ticket or something to make up for this! But no nothing just turned away!! The fast pass stopped at 4pm, many rides had stopped taking people around 530 6pm. We got fast pass for thunder mountain at 10.30am when we arrived and our ride time was......18.40 so rest of the day we could only have one more fast pass reserved! We only saw 1 Disney character the whole time we where there, which was the most disappointing to be honest! No atmosphere! Was rubbish! Their photo pass is shocking! Don't waste your money on it!    18 for 1 picture! We had 4 pics taken and not one of them included the whole family even though they where all on the ride!  badThe shop was ridiculously priced, along with the food and drinks! But is to be expected in these places! But I queued for 30 mins to pay    50 for 2 adults and 2 kids very basic meals! I had a chicken burger, fried chicken but it had been sitting that long the underneath of the chicken was white and soggy! (That for me is not ok though) The park itself is beautiful, we got some lovely photos of our own but other than that was very unimpressed and felt let down! The adverts make this place looks amazing and it's just not! I wrote a email of complaint to Eurodisney to which I have had no reply as of yet but it's early days! We have visited here 6 or 7 times over the past 10 years and have always had a great day with the kids.We visited two days ago in August peak season. Never again. The quality goes well and truly out of the window whilst the focus is to cram as many people possible into the park and make as much money as they can. Waiting for an hour in queues with young children is not fun. The enjoyment of the day was completely sucked out of us by the long waits.Within the half hour before the parade began, we were trying to get back along the footpath to the Main Street. The path was covered in people sitting down on the ground. We had a pram with a sleeping child. There was no gaps what so ever to get along the path or even onto the road. We very politely asked for people to let us pass through. They refused. They were incredibly rude. We were stuck with the buggy surrounded by people swarming the footpath and no security to step in.Absolute abysmal experience!The fireworks at the end of the day (11pm) were well worth the wait though.By far the worst themepark ever!!!Very expensive and far from cityWay too many guests and very looong lines for all attractionsEntrance demanded security checkThe line was hardly moving and took  30 minutes. Didn't feel very safeNew line to enter was 30 min even though we had passes printet from home30 90 minutes lines for EVERY rideMany attractions closed earlyOnly possible to try FOUR rides in a whole day. Impossible to meet Mickey and his friendsReally bad and expensive food. Of course fod lines were also long and slowWe are NEVER coming backSorry to say but our recent visit was terrible, we'd bought tickets on line costing 84    for two day tickets. When we went to pick them up we ended up being told they were not valid for July, we had to pay an additional 79    to get in. To make matters worse we could not even visit the other park that would have been an extra 40    each. I've written an email yo Disney but as expected no reply at all apart from an automated response. The 160    for one park was a joke and 5    for a medium size packet of crisps..their robbing a lot of visitors.Just go prepared..I have been going to Disneyland for almost 60 years, since I was   1. More recently I have been to Disney World in Orlando many times. This year, Disneyland is truly pathetic. Greed runs rampant. Overcrowding, treating guests like cattle, rude staff. It's the Bob Iger regime. He's made hundreds of millions of dollars squeezing the business like this. Walt would be disgusted at what his dream has become. I suppose all good (great) things must come to an end, and Disneyland is there. If you've never been, go once but be prepared as it will not live up to its heritage.If you've already been, don't go back, it's just sad.Just remember how cool it used to be, enjoy that memory, and save your money.We have visited DLP on a number of ocassions and previously enjoyed it for what it was   a gloriously hyped, plastic fairytale, thrill, movie experience. However, over the last decade, they have clearly cut the offering to the bone, and this time we struggled to have a good time. 2 hours waits for a 1 minute meet and greet with a princess... 2 hours, plenty of time to reflect that you are really meeting a stranger in a dress up... and I'm sorry, but as a customer, I am no longer chuffed at my six year old's reponse, (as she is mostly fed up with waiting, not wowed) and instead of pleased, I'm miffed that DLP think it's okay to keep us waiting for that blinking long.... Only one parade... people were looking for their spot 2 hours before it was due to start... it only takes ten minutes to waft by, so I wasn't prepared to wait that long, so we were way back with a restricted view... few shows... horrendous waits for any of the good rides... the fast past system that used to work so well has broken down, as people down rush at 10 am to queue for a fast pass ticket for anything popular.... sorry   it's just not fun! Other people didn't think so either... and were trampling the petunias to get a seat and shouting at each other as they barged around in queues. Our six year old has asked politely never to go back and I very much doubt we will. We ued to enjoy DLP so much, but with so little investment, it is falling far short of our expectations!I have spent a weekend here to support my daughters dance troupe who had the opportunity to perform there The prices are extortion    3.95 for a bottle of water and in 30    heat dancing, water is a necessity Food was a rip off Meal deal    11.99 for sandwich crisps and a drink ppI always use the 80 20 rule for customer service but I need to use it the other way 20% staff just nice 80% rude !!!!Save up and go to Florida it's a completely better experience and I'd have to be paid a lot of money to go back here Disney your staff have let you down big time in Paris I bet Walt is turning in his grave !!From the moment we got there, closed rides, expensive drinks and food it was a totally poor experience. This is France but the food especially the breakfasts on half board was rubbish. I won't be back. save your time and money and spend it on museums or shopping. rides kept breaking down. the park is not anywhere near as nice as the disney parks in the U.S.I've been in Parc Disneyland on June 30th, with my family and a family of a friend of mine (4 adults   3 children).We are talking about one of the most beautiful parc in Europe, in terms of organisation, attractions, etc, but I think Disney Co needs to review seriously the way of managing the queues! The Parc is a long and endless queue: as it can happen children could be tired after one hour of queue (for 5 minutes of funny at the end), I wonder why is not possible to change the experience of waiting with the introduction of some screens showing Disney films. Perhaps the same film of the attraction you are waiting for: it is difficult to do so?Again: while waiting for Peter Pan, after 45 minutes of queue, the access was stopped for a technical problem. We were informed about this issue but decided to stay in the queue: after 50 minutes more (with no further info about the expected time for the technical solution) we enjoyed the experience. The question is: it is not possible in this cases to provide people in the queue with a special ticket to skip the queue for the same or other attractions? It would be a kind of compensation for the wasted time! After Peter Pan we did the queue for Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain but the attraction was broken while we were close to jump in the train (after 40 minutes): ok, we were not lucky that day, but a compensation like a special pass for other attractions would be very appreciated.Another remark: the expected time for jumping in the Disneyland Railroad is not true. In fact the train could arrive full in every station and the people in the train could stay on. So it is true that on average the train is in each station every 30 minutes: but you could wait for the next passage (or more) to hop on it.That's it: please do something for the queues or technical failures or the experience in the Parc won't be different from a normal day of traffic in a big city!It's a trap. The only thing you can do is waiting in a line. Not worth the money or effort. I would bot recommend going there.There's always something magically about Disney evoking memories of childhood cartoons and simple times. The park itself is nice and at times you can get lost in a fantasy, some awesome rides, sweet parades and plenty of facilities. However those rides have hideous wait times, the parade and light show need military planning in advance to actually see from a good spot and the food is crazily expensive. You come to expect these things from a theme park but the worst thing here is the staff who seem unable to answer a simple question without tutting and sarcastic replies. Just remember you might bring your kids here to see their Disney heroes, however there's a whole bunch of Disney paid villians waiting to spoil your trip. Please sort out the staff training, no excuse for bad manners.There were a lot of things I didn't like about this park and that is why I have given it such a low score. Let me begin by saying that the rides I went on were great and the character meet and greets were great but the negatives outweighed the positives hence the low review.Cons:People smoking everywhere. This is my biggest complaint. There are designated smoking areas and this is supposed to be a  family friendly  venue but there were people openly smoking all over the park and I don't want to be walking around having smoke blown in my face or worse in my kids faces. Maybe its a European thing but I've never encountered it in all my visits to Walt Disney World in Florida.There are not enough of the rides and character meets that have fast passes. The queue for crush's coaster never got below 70 minutes and the queue for the princess meet and greet never got below an hour, and after queueing for an hour it would have been good to see more than 1 princess. In Epcot in Florida when you queue for an hour you get to see 4 characters. The rides are always breaking down. I think Thunder mountain must have broken down about a dozen times in the length of time that we were there.There aren't enough big thrill rides and that is why the queues are so long at the few that they have.Pros:The Park looks wonderful and walking around soaking in the Disney atmosphere is great.The hotels are so close to the parks it is great and makes a change from a 30 40 minute bus ride from your hotel to the Parks in Florida.Hopefully now that the US Disney has taken over the Paris one they will implement some necessary changes. More thrill ridesMore fastpass attractionsNO SMOKINGAnd dare i say it Magicbands!!! Definitely needed. Visited for 3 days with my husband and 6 year old daughter, was expecting our trip to be magical like advertised. Well it was nothing but stressful from start to finish! Of course you expect lines, but the queues here are nothing short of ridiculous, not just for the rides but for everything! You want to meet a character, then be prepared to queue for an hour (minimum!), you want to go on a mediocre ride that lasts 60 seconds? Be prepared to queue two hours! You want a burger and drink? Be prepared to queue for over 30 minutes! You want to see the parade and the light show? Find a spot an hour in advance and again... wait....In 35 degree heat with very little shade! Some of the staff are very rude! Everything is ridiculously priced. The crowds again bordering on crazy! I honestly cannot for the life of me see what the hype is?!?! I love theme parks and I love Disney, but I can honestly say I have never been more disappointed in my life! As with the more popular park in Orlando, this park is a horrible place to go. The long wait for rides of very short duration are a real problem for the children. This is made worse with absence of any real fast pass service. We found that the information posted on the estimated wait times was highly inaccurate. While most of the posted times were actually shorter, we waited much longer than expected for two of the rides (in case the wait was 1 1 2 hours when the posted time was 40 minutes). The monitors do not measure the children waiting in line for a ride until the end of the line meaning they can wait for 2 hours to go on a ride and then be told they can't ride it. Food is another huge problem. As with all the Disney parks, it is awful and extraordinarily expensive. However, the lines in the cafeterias are poorly managed. The offerings are very limited and only one type of food can be found at any single location. This means that one child can't have a hot dog and another a pizza at the same time (try finding two kids to agree on what to eat). The restaurants are reservation only and fully booked in advance. On the other hand, and unlike the US parks, you can bring in food from the outside. Many people did. If we had known we could, the trip would have been more enjoyable.The one area Disneyland Paris truly was better than the US parks is in the merchandise offered. The clothing was well maid with embroidered details rather than the decals on the US offerings. There was a wider variety of toys and novelties.Will never go again, waste of time, waiting for hours and hours for nothing, too much expensive, does not worth it, dont spend your time and your money for waiting on the lines for days. No benefit on going disneyland.They didn't handle things professionally, it was overall a terrible experience to begin with. the lines took an hour and a half or more, keep in mind it wasn't even a busy day it was a Tuesday. People were very rude, they just didn't deserve the money they got from us and I will never be going back.I looked by the magic was gone. Everyone was running from one attraction to the other, without any consideration for other people. We had some HalfBoard Plus vouchers and it was, indeed, quite a burden to find a place that accepted them   either extremely busy or a reservation was needed with days in advance. Everything was very dark and old.Been to Disney Orlando Florida multiple times, was well aware that Disney Paris would be smaller and that they only have the two parks so I thought I was going open minded, but Disney Paris needs to lock their doors close up shop. It is small with unhappy , unfriendly staff, we had five broken down rides and no one could tell us when they would be working. The park has large Disney posters everywhere but that attraction or restaurant is not there. This is not one of the happiest places in the world like Disney says. A parade that is maybe 8 minutes long Main Street is pathetic, save your time money.We were very disappointed. The website offers discounted tickets available only for the day afer the tickets are purchased. We were in Paris for a short stay and when we saw that tickets could be bought for 57    for the two parks instead of 89   , we thought it was worth it. Turned out it was impossible to make the booking. We spent 2hours trying but an error message that didn't explain the failure kept appearing. We tried with various of our credit cards with no better success. When we tried to call Disneyland they were closed and when they reopened the next day they refused to offer us the discounted price. We left Paris the day after without having had the chance to visit the park. We got a deal on tickets so not too bothered about the high prices some pay. We paid about    50 each (plus train fare form Paris).What everyone says about queues into the park (twice) and rides is spot on. It's rubbish and hot and uncomfortable with little shade for the longest part of queues. I got a bit of a tan but ruined a tshirt with sweatiness!!!! Had to buy a new one after we left.Started ok with some bubbly Disney sounds and buildings then the crowds and shoddy management took over. We manager three rides all day! Arrived here before 10am, had to pay 20 euros parking on top of the   110 for 2 tickets. Took over 90 mins to get in to the place even with tickets booked in advance to find that most rides already had waiting times of 50   100 mins!! Even to see a disney character! Most queues were not shaded which on a hot sunny day (34 degrees C) is very difficult! So we decided to get fast pass tickets. Yay! Not.. We got our first fast pass and had to wait 5 hours to use it and then found we couldn't get a second fast pass for 2 hours.. To get a fast pass on one of the rides would have left us waiting until 10pm... Then there's the food. Good luck finding somewhere to sit once you've got your tray of food that's just cost you a fortune and you waited an hour for.. We sat on the floor..After walking around endlessly we left at 3pm without getting on a single ride.. So as you can tell, we had a great time!What do you say when you your Disney loving wife doesn't last an hour in the park?We caught the train from Paris to the park and got there when it opened at 10am. Got in very quickly for Disney standards, probably due to an overcast and slightly rainy morning. But that's where the thumbs up for Disneyland Paris ended. Most of the rides were open but nothing else, nothing! No stalls, no caravans, no restaurants, nothing! It seems you have to wait an hour before the staff arrive and very slowly decide to open up. It was ridiculous! After an hour of wandering aimlessly around this very small Disneyland where every road seemed to lead to a dead end we decided that was enough. My guess is the same for all the other tourists we saw doing the exact same thing. Where was the magic that Disney creates in it's other parks. We've done California, Florida and Hong Kong Disney's and this should not even be able to bear the same name. I can't believe that the Disney corporation who apparently own 84% of it let this happen.Don't waste your time and money here. Your kids get 3 4 rides a day as each ride has 1.5 hour long wait times. Too many people allowed in each day for such a small facility.bought 2 Disneyland tickets for me and my daughter who is terminally ill as this was one of her dying wishes , however within a month of buying the tickets her condition significantly worsened and she is unable to travel to France , I emailed them twice explaining the situation and asked if I could get a refund so myself and my daughter could do something together in the uk to get no response , spoke to them on the phone yesterday but they blank point refused to let me have a refund . Gave me an email address of another department , so I explained the situation and this is the response I received,  We thank you for your e mail and your interest in Disneyland   Paris.We are sorry to hear about your daughter.We regret that the conditions of  Print at Home  tickets are very strict and therefore your tickets are non refundable, non exchangeable and non transferable, therefore we are very sorry we cannot provide you with a refund.Absolutely disgusting , what's   130 to Disney , never giving them a penny again Visited both Disneyland and Walt Disney Studios with the Mrs on the 29th and 30th of April. This is what we think:Pros:1. Good production value in terms of sets, sounds, character costumes etc.2. Fantastic fireworks show at the end (22:00)Cons:1. Not many rides for teens adults: There are around 6 rides in Disneyland (and around 5 in Walt Disney Studios) that can be enjoyed by those who are over 16. This means you're spending over   110 per person (for a 2 day 2 park ticket) for a maximum of 11 rides. And it's highly unlikely that you'll get a chance to go on all 11 rides in the days that you're visiting as at least 2   3 of them will be  Under maintenance  and the remaining will have ridiculous wait times!2. Terribly overcrowded: Average wait times of over 90 minutes for the best rides and that's just what's communicated up front via the app or the signboards at the entrance to the ride. We joined a queue when the wait time was supposed to be 40 minutes and waited for over an hour before we got on the ride. Fastpass tickets regularly sell out and some of the key attractions in Walt Disney Studio don't have fastpass facility.3. Food Drink is 4 to 5 times more expensive: Water is    3.29! You'll have to queue for an average of 40 minutes to pay an extortionate amount for downright terrible food. On day 2, we learnt our lesson and brought food from outside.In summary, you're going to end up paying a lot of money for accommodation, food and tickets to come to a theme park where you'll get a chance to ride on less than 3 decent rides a day! My recommendation is, if you're from the UK, you save yourself the pain and visit Thorpe Park or Alton Towers instead.*** I've visited several theme parks in the U.K., Dubai and India and Disneyland Paris is by far the worst in my experience.Long queue with minimum of 60min waiting, just unacceptable and unbearable for 1 min ride with young kids.Starting by the entrance to the park, long queues absolutely disorganized and messy. No staff available to guide you or wish you welcome after validating your ticket. We spent the whole day at Disney from 11am to 10pm and we haven't seen none of the characters except during the parade. Forget to have a picture of your little one with Mickey or his friends, there were not at Disneyland Paris!Streets was quite dirty and toilets absolutely disgusting. No separate toilet for changing babies in the park. Poor signage. In the whole day we could enjoy 2 rides. It's a small word was one of the best ride with kids. Space mountain was closed. Over 60min of queue to get some hotdogs at night at the Casey. The fireworks and light and sound show at night was amazing. Most probably most of the few things you'll enjoy.We paid 79    per adult, 71    for our kid of 3 years old. At this price we expect at least to see Minnie or Mickey walking around the streets throughout the day.Extremely disappointed first experience at Disneyland Paris. Never again! We expected long queues and crowd but not this poor organization and service.I bought pre paid tickets from Sydney and we still had to line up where people purchase tickets (1.20hr wait in queue). Not many rides. Some rides were closed and there are over an hr or two wait for each ride   a ride that lasts only a few minutes! My 8 yr old was totally disappointed. There are better theme parks in Gold Coast, Australia   go there People! Food was ridiculously over priced as they 'package' their offer. Take your own food if you can (if allowed not sure).Was looking forward to the 4 days at the park but after the first day we really didn't want to go back as they pack as many people into the park as humanly possible. With small children it's hard to explain that we would have to wait 2 hours for a 30 second ride that really doesn't do much is a tricky thing. You know it's bad when you have to wait 20 minutes to get what is the worst cup of coffee I have ever tasted and put in the bin after a few sips For the money we paid we could of stay at splash landings in Alton towers for a whole week and had a much better time. This was our first visit to Disney Paris having previously been to both Disney's in America (California & Florida), we had lowered our expectations as the Americans just know how to put on a show. However, we never lowered them enough, overall the staff (crew) were grumpy at best and certainly not in the Disney spirit, the early access was pointless as only a couple of the big rides and only one of the parks was open before ten and 2 of the main rides were closed permanently or kept on breaking down, It was also hard to find somewhere open to get a drink food before ten. The photo pass is not worth the cost as the only photographers we saw were by the characters which always had massive queue's, in America there are photographers dotted all around the parks which results in a great Disney photo album at the end. I also couldn't understand the lack of English in rides and shows which I thought would back up the French, surely being the only Disney in Europe you would want to include the rest of Europe by having anything French followed by the English translation? In short, If you have the resources please fly across the pond to experience a proper magical experience which you and your children will cherish forever. I just wish to forget Disney Paris as quickly as I can.All day for two rides not really vaule for money, Que are two hours long.trying to keep the kids in the que for that long. Even they gave up in the end. Walk and see the rides and the parade at the end.should be a limit on people allowed in the park. We won't be returning there. Paris is better vaule for money and less stress.Booked a 3 day trip to Disneyland Paris for three people, cost   2000, they then charged an extra   122 to amend my daughters surname that had been input to system incorrectly. Definitely about the Disney money not the Disney magic.We visited Disneyland Park as a group of adults and teenagers and were very disappointed by the whole experience. It is very overpriced and over rated for what it turns out to be.There were far too many visitors in the Park which made it difficult to view the parades and as a consequence we had to queue for everything rides, toilets and 40 minutes for a cup of tea which is completely unacceptable. The Thunder Mountain Ride broke down whilst we were waiting and when it was back up and running we queued an hour and a half for a 5 min ride ridiculous! after that we gave up. There were no Disney characters walking around the Park but I understand that there are designated meeting points around the Park where you could meet them but with the crowds this would have proved an impossibility .We left feeling that we had well and truely fleeced.... Disney Magic....more like Disney nightmare...save yourselves the time money and effort and spend a day and evening in beautiful Paris instead .If you add up the time you spend waiting in a line compared with the hours actually on a ride, the ratio is really poor. Even food and drink took over an hour to get   disgraceful. Sadly my 6 year old still loved it.Don't do it if you are from North America. There is very little to see and do. The lines are insane   hour long plus for things you would do at a Fall Fair in the smallest of Canadian communities. Europe is wonderful for many things but theme parks is evidently not one of them. My Disney Park experienceUnclear about how to order tickets online   doesn't explicitly tell you limited days until after purchase. I purchased a weekday ticket but it was not valid for that day a Monday, still not sure why? Entrance wait for security   10   20 minTold not able to scan pass on phone   need to print tickets   30min to find a place. If travelling   it is difficult to access a printer. A lot of people were having this problem! Time to upgrade tickets 1.5 hours   cost me for upgrade of    133 on top of    88 paid initially for 1 adult   2 kids. Finally get in after over 2 1 4 hours. Kids hungry   walk around for an hour to find place as everything is full with huge queuesWait in line to order food 45 min. Food is very expensive and average.    15 for a burger deal! No free wifi in the place. This would be helpful for parents who will spend 90% of their day standing in queues.3 main rides closed which forces more people onto the other rides(Pirate of Caribbean, Phantom manor,Star Wars hyperspace)Wait time for most rides over an hourBad coffee didn't help the pain   this is France ! Often see spaces that could be filled up on rides   even when people are waiting over an hour per ride. Other disneylands use a singles queue to fill capacity, and we are happy to spilt to reduce waiting times. Nothing fast about fast pass   often queues were as long as regularStaff nowhere near as friendly or helpful as the Anaheim park. Whilst kids were happy   think parents could do a lot better with their time and money than going to Euro Disney in France. Not a slick operation   expected better after visiting in 2003 and 2010 but alas poor service and staff didn't seem to care. No apologies for delays.We visited a few years ago and had fond memories. Yesterday was just lines.Has Disney run out money that they need the full the place with people so there are endless lines.Place opens to the public at 10:00. We were there just before with pre bought tickets.First attraction we lined up at 10:10 and it was an 80 minutes wait.Would not recommend to anyone till Disney sort themselves out.Don't waste your time. There are much better places to go, spend time and money (very expensive for what you get in return, lines...)Despite advertisement smokers are freely smoking without being challenged. Once I saw a fire Marshall come out next to buzz ride and walk through a cloud of smoke, they did not challenge the smoker. There was even smokers next to the slinky ride in the Studios again unchallenged. I did complain to guest services in city hall but was met by a shrug and  what can we do?  Either there needs to be more designated areas provided or there will need to be designated staff to patrol areas for this. Our bag was stolen at the Disney security centres. It was my goddaughters birthday gift and we lost passports, money, keys, everything. We received no help from security, suddenly they didn't speak English, the hotel refused to accept a transfer of money so that we could eat and drink and my goddaughter got to wait for 10 hours outside the park while we were interviewed by the police and with the embassy to get us home. It's cost us over   1000 to get home not including the wasted money on the trip.Two weeks later we have had nothing, not even an explanation from Disney, a large company thinking they can just ignore customers, but happy to take our money. This is a place for kids and adults? They cant even make us safe and secure at their own security centres. How many other people have been through this? Disgusting behaviour, Disney should be ashamed, the 25th anniversary of poor.The parks are too overcrowded which unfortunately means you spend the majority of the day in queues. You can only fit in a small number of rides a day due to the waiting time. Fast passes are not always available and even if you manage to get one there is no guarantee that it will be accepted. We tried for 2 days to get on to the ratatouille attraction without success despite having a fast pass on the day of my son's birthday and travelling back to the park at the allocated time, very disappointing. The early admission for Disney Hotel residents is a bit of a farce as the attractions are not open and queues form at the different lands. DO NOT QUEUE FOR THE OPENING OF FRONTIERLAND as it is in my opinion unsafe for children due to adults running and pushing to get ahead. The shuttle buses are also unsafe for children at busy times for the same reason. I visited here 11 years ago and in my opinion it has lost the Disney magic. The attractions would be a lot more enjoyable if we didnt have to queue for 60 minutes to enjoy them and if crowds were managed better. I'm afraid the memories I take from this visit are queuing, being pushed and squashed in crowds and being disappointed which is a shame as there is so much potential.Worst amusement park ever. For the whole day we could only get into 5 attractions because the only thing you do here is waiting in the queues! It's common to wait 90 minutes for a 30 second ride. Sick. Definitely not worth visiting, unlike any other attraction in Paris.We made a mid March spring break trip to both parks Disneyland and Walt Disney Studios. It looked so promising and I was undeterred with a notice that some rides may be closed. The weather in March is perfect. A light jacket and you are all set. The park wasn't particularly crowded making it easy to get onto Indiana Jones and Temple of Peril, then the Big Thunder Mountain. The lines were less than 30 minutes, no fastpass necessary. Unfortunately that was the day, you see ALL the major rides were closed. It wasn't 1 or 2 in one of the parks, the whole damn core of the park was closed. We didn't ride one single ride in Walt Disney Studios, there was nothing to ride except the infant rides. It is complete robbery.Here is a run down.Space Mountain 2   closed people working on itPirates of the Carribean   closed no one working on itAerosmith Rockin Roller Coaster   closed, ride shut down broken while standing in line.Armageddon Special Effects   closed no one working on it.We stood in line for the one other thrill ride open, the Tower of Terror and the 45 minute wait was changed to at least 1.5 hours as they were struggling to get throughput through the ride. The exit at the giftshop had a trickle of people once in a while that came out. The sudden jump in wait time wasnt from a flood of fastpass holders but from a ride that wasn't functioning again.This park has so much potential, the rides are there, same layout, its newer and clean, the old tired rides like its a small world are not consuming space. Its actually a little cheaper with the strength of the dollar, but the park is not functioning. Man I would love for this to be viable. The weather was fantastic, but as it is it is a complete waste of money unless you have infants  toddlers that are just going to see the Disney characters. Wow, what a disappointment. I wish it was operating properly, so much potential.Between the 2 parks we spent 1 2 a day, took a train back to Paris and spent the afternoon in the Louvre...So after saving an absolute fortune to take my family of 5 for a special break to Euro Disney we wish we'd saved more to go to florida!The park was rediculous. Two of my children got on 2 rides a day!! No queue was less than an hour and on average most were over 1.5 hours! The fast passed sold out by 11.30am and even entering the park early at 9.30 they still waited over an hour to get on one ride! So over priced. Wouldn't ever recommend anyone to goStayed here in March 2017. It was our 8th, and last time. Yet again, a handful of the better rides were closed. The one that were open kept breaking down( Big thunder mountain was closed more than it was open). No apologies from these people. Even the fast pass ticket machines were occasionally closed. The fast food restaraunts have become really expensive. 14.99 Euros for a burger and chips! It's not the place it was ten years ago. If the entire park isn't open they shopud reflect this in their prices.Dirty, Smelly, rude staff, lots of rides closed, lots of shows not on, and no it's not because I've been to Disney in America. It was a waste of money and I'd never advise anyone to visit.I cannot believe anyone would give this park a good review. When we lived in the states we would go to Disney in Florida all the time.....I was actually a Disney authorized travel agent for a while which I loved. We are, for lack of a better word....Disney experts. Here's what I can tell you about Disney Paris.....it is a travesty and an embarrassment to the Disney Brand. If I were an executive at Disney I would personally be horrified by the Paris parks. I cannot believe the lack of rides, outdated and irrelevant rides like Armageddon, the lack of entertainment including shows, parades and so on... constantly broken down rides (I've never seen such inconsistent rides)....not to mention the horrible awful customer service. We have lived in Paris for five years and have had season passes three of those. We have actually stayed at Disney Paris at two different hotels and had equally bad experiences. Sequoia lodge was so dirty and run down and NOT cheap!! My opinion really think before coming out here. I personally think they should shut the entire place down for two to three years and reboot.......it's THAT bad. The real sin of it all is the awful...terrible experience it gives Europeans. I promise you Disney in Florida is much much much better!! Terrible!!!! Shame on you Disney!!!!Attached is a letter that I wrote to Disneyland Paris summarizing my experiences there. I hope it is helpful to other prospective visitors. Dear Disneyland Paris, I am writing to you to inform you of the discriminatory and unacceptable actions of your employees against guests with disabilities. I am an adult (age 23) wheelchair user who visited your park on Saturday, 4 March, 2017 with my aide. The first disaster occurred upon attempting to enter the Disneyland hotel. Our hotel in Paris (the Shangri la) had arranged with our driver and with the Disneyland hotel for us to enter the park through the Disneyland hotel for wheelchair accessibility reasons. Shangri la gave Disneyland our names and information. We were stopped by security, and even after presenting our passports and my wheelchair, we were denied access into the hotel area and forced to enter the park through less accessible entrance. The second problem occurred with security and bag check. There was no clear line for wheelchair users and the employees ushering us in were uninformed. Because I was carrying a bag, I was asked after a long wait to join the wheelchair inaccessible line in the pouring rain, which caused further delays. Nearly half an hour later, we were finally able to attend the park. The third problem was inside the park at the information desk, where I experienced great difficulty obtaining a priority pass, despite having arrived prepared with ample documentation. Although I am above average height (165cm), the desk was so high that I could barely make eye contact with the employee attending to us, who was extremely rude and refused to speak with or look at me, only addressing my aide and asking her to sign everything. I am a university educated adult (who will soon earn a master   s degree) with a physical disability, but I was treated as though I were a child or had an intellectual disability. I was also informed on your website that my aide could enter the park free, but was told that this was not possible once I tried to enter the park and could not receive a refund.The fourth problem was the lack of accessible ramps and misinformation given by employees. There were few signs directing us to accessible entrances, and employees were unhelpful in guiding us to wheelchair ramps, either shrugging or blatantly giving misinformation when they did not know the answer. Many of the few ramps that were available were steeper than legal regulations mandate and were difficult to navigate.The fifth and most discriminatory problem was the treatment I received by employees who were managing the rides. This happened at multiple attractions.After entering Peter Pan   s wheelchair accessible entrance, I was asked by an attendant to wait for several minutes. When he finally returned, I handed my priority pass to him, expecting to board the ride. He shook his head and said,    People like you aren   t allowed on this ride.    I explained that I could transfer myself from the wheelchair to the ride, but he responded that his    boss    told him not to let wheelchair users enter. He said if I wished to enter the ride, I could wait in the standard queue. I explained to him that my wheelchair would not fit in the standard queue. He shrugged, said,    That   s the way it is,    and walked away.At It   s a Small World, I entered the accessible entrance and patiently waited to board the boat. I was asked by two different employees who were not in contact with each other if I needed a    special    boat or if I could board a    normal    one. I told them that I was capable of entering the normal boat. They told me my wait time was two minutes, but proceeded to keep me waiting for fifteen minutes before they got me a    special    boat, which I did not need.At Autopia, there was a trash bin placed on the wheelchair ramp that blocked my entrance to the attraction. I attempted to get the attention of the employees, who looked at me but did not move the bin. Once I entered the Autopia car, a female attendant moved my wheelchair directly into the rain. When my aide complained afterward, the attendant rudely said,    This is not my problem.    My wheelchair was soaked, despite the fact that ample sheltered space was available to park the chair.The worst experience I had (and the reason we promptly exited the park afterward) was at the Indiana Jones roller coaster ride at 3:00 3:40pm. I entered the wheelchair accessible entrance and waited behind about five other guests. The attendant asked for my name and priority pass, which I provided. After the guests before me boarded the ride, she told me that my aide and I would be next. Afterward, she said I needed to wait longer, and switched twice with two other attendants, who told me the same thing. I proceeded to wait for approximately 40 minutes, even though I was next in line while FORTY OTHER GUESTS WHO HAD ARRIVED AFTER US were allowed to board. The park was not very busy, so if the normal line had been accessible, the wait would have been shorter. I asked several times why I could not board, and the employees said,    There are many people here,    refusing to give me an answer. I patiently explained that there were only two of us and that I could easily transfer onto the ride, but they said that my wheelchair was a problem. When I was eventually granted access, there was no one behind us in line. Literally every single person who had arrived after us had already gone on the ride. When I told the employees that what they had done was irresponsible, they verbally mocked me.The constant discrimination I faced in your park is ableist, illegal, and embarrassingly outdated. Your disorganized Paris employees made it clear that I was not a welcomed guest and treated me with disdain and disgust, as though my disability was a burden with which they were forced to deal, rather granting me the equal respect that I am entitled to as a human being. As someone who has previously enjoyed countless positive experiences at Disneyland Anaheim, I was outraged by the way I was treated in your Paris park. I demand an answer and for your park to be held accountable. I can be contacted at the following addresses and expect your explanation and resolution immediately. We went for three days with a toddler who, luckily, is young enough to be distracted from the disappointment.  On arrival we were given our meal vouchers (full board so two meals a day plus the 'free' breakfast) and told to make reservations at the concierge. The only slot they had available was one the following night despite our hotel having two restaurants, the second of which was always empty. Shame they didn't use it for over spill and double the capacity for the buffet. No others slots at any restaurant for the whole trip which meant our meal plan was useless, our food bill was doubled after we had to buy separately at non meal plan restaurants.  45% of the attractions where closed for refurbishment or broken which left very little to do and very long queues if you wanted to do it. Rides were incredibly short in duration if you did go on one. The parks look very run down and tired with the castle's moat empty of water, very little Disney atmosphere around.  The weekend boasted a St.David's day theme however all we saw were five huts selling welsh tea and love spoons that were closed until the evening (unless you count the weather which was definitely Welsh themed!) In the evening we planned to watch the light show on the castle. It was hard to find out a time as all information only gave 'end of the day'. No mention if that's end of visitor hours or magic hours (It turns out it 9:30ish) but left after getting repeatedly stood on and people climbing over the pushchair and hitting my toddler in order to get a better smoking spot in the crowd.Smoking restrictions are not followed anywhere in the park which is horrible when you're trying to eat or queue. Security is poor going into the parks which makes you wonder why they bother as most people are waved through unchecked even after the machine flagging you up. One guard said he needed to check me then said he couldn't be bothered after all. Extortionate prices in the hotel shops...5 Euro for bag of Doritos! They make the most out of their hostages. The train station is a short walk and has a newsagents with a better and cheaper selection as well as a sandwich place with some very tasty baguettes. Even the vending machines are better value.On the day of checkout I asked if it was possible to have a late checkout and was told they were too busy to deal with doing it. The people in the queue next to me were asking if they could leave their luggage after checkout while they went into the park for the rest of their day and were also told by staff that they were too busy to deal with the request despite it being given as a perk of staying at a park hotel.The room was a decent size however the beds were small and the windows in our room didn't close properly. We kept the heating on to compensate but the squeaking from the system was too much to bear. The bird song that is played through the speakers all night kept waking me up due to the open window and the carpet looked like it hadn't been hoovered in a month as there were desiccated pieces of food under the table and by the sides of the bed.Disneyland Paris is really letting the brand down as far as the parks go, it's worlds away from Orlando.We visited this park in March, assuming this would not be a full crowded season, but it turned out to be very disappointing. We stood in line the whole day (even while using fastpass lanes). Many rides were closed for remodeling (Space Mountain and Pirates of the Caribbean   which in themselves are the whole point of going to Disneyland). Paying full fares to stand around in never ending lines in the cold was hard on the children. Disneyworld Florida is crowded as well but offers many more ride options. If you do decide to go to Disneyland Paris, make sure you pay the extra 15 Euros to get the flexible pass that allows entry to Disney Studios and get more for your money    but I sincerely doubt it. We just felt completely ripped off.Took our 4 year old granddaughter for a birthday treat. Stayed at Santa Fe, average at the best. As many people have said huge queue's for absolutely everything,whether this was down to half term or lots been refurbished who knows....also very expensive,which we expected,though how they can charge so much is beyond me,   5 average for a drink. We paid for full board premium meal plans, almost   600 for lunch and dinner for 3 on 3 days, everyone had free breakfast. Waste of money...couldn't get in to restaurants at all without bookings....1st time visitors! I rang to book various things 6 weeks before we went, lunch with princesses' fully booked, although still available on Disney website, same with breakfast with Mickey, and the wild west show, so assume bookings need to be made well in advance! Where we did eventually eat, places very expensive and menus limited, it much choice for vegis. The only saving grace was that my granddaughter loved it, even the waiting hours for everything, meet and greet been the worse! Complained whilst there and followed with emails on return home, no replies tho, presume now they've had our money they don't care. Not what I was expecting, very disappointed. As supposed to be a 3 star review, wouldn't alter for some reason Am here with friends. No less than THREE times did we queue for an hour, reaching the front of the queue, only for the ride to break down entirely and the staff to send everyone away without any explanation or compensation. The park seems woefully ill equipped to deal with wet weather (have they not realized that some rides are outdoors?) and is in no way close to being able to deal with large numbers of visitors. We are here in winter, I assume that coming here during peak period is like holidaying in Gomorrah as God burns it down. At the RC Racer, passengers were literally TRAPPED in the vehicle for ten minutes with no staff attempting to explain (see attached picture). Currently in the restaurant having waited twenty minutes in the queue to join the queue. For the extortionate amount we paid, standing in queues (which is fine) WITHOUT getting on the ride is unforgivable and not worth the money. This whole place feels like an homage to the 1990's. The parade was basic; the rides broke frequently or were already shut for refurbs. We waited 35 minutes in an allegedly fastpass queue because they were allowing people regardless of timing to join (big thunder mountain, the only  big  ride of the day that was open). Disney studios was better but is tiny. Most rides don't have fast passes, so we waited for 2 hours to watch the ride break in front of us! Restaurants were either shut or full or fried food. Mickeys cafe was basic food but again, we had a booking and queued for 30 minutes. Valentine, our  waitress  was rude, forgot things and mixed up the order completely. Hotel (Santa fe) was basic. Again queue for breakfast, no one pays attention to the time slots. Best thing here was planet Hollywood. And that's saying something. Whole place needs some investment and magic putting back in.I went with my son in February hoping it would be quieter due to his ADHD. I got fast tracked disability tickets but it seems an awful lot of French also have these tickets, never seen this at a park in the UK and 95% of the disability queue is French (and it's a really big queue). So we had to wait in queues of one hour when frequently the normal queue was faster due to priority given to different disabilities. I don't mind queuing but my son simply can't, so therefore it was extremely stressful. I wish I had just gone to Blackpool or Alton Towers, it's much more organised and enjoyable. We fell out most of the day, children don't enjoy queuing most especially when the have disabilities, spoils it! Clearly this park is too busy and huge amount of large rides are closed. I wouldn't come back, I want family fun not trauma and stress!Honestly, I know this will have little impact   and it may break your kids hearts  but it will save you a fortune.This place is dated and tired   I was here years ago and nothing's really changed. Technology has moved on and Disneyland Paris's rides are still in the late 80s early 90s!Today 3 main attractions were being refurbished or out of order  thunder mountain, pirates and that old Star Wars thing  yet do you think that they reduced any prices? For us   family of 3   to get the train from Paris, buy tickets and food   around   200. We managed 3 attractions on that day the haunted house (12mins) Pinocchio (2mins) Snow White (2mins)  so under 20 minutes of third rate 'entertainment' in 5 6 hours. Queuing was horrible too. If Disney spent more time in actually trying to build attractions to enhance the experience and reduce queues, instead of restaurants and shops in this complex it may be different  but no, the only thing they want is for you to spend your hard earned cash on their overpriced garbage.This was the worst value for money experience I've encountered and will never knowingly give a penny to Disney   even if they completely flatten and rebuild it.Our first family problem with Disney was booking we made a error with our booking and where happy to pay more money to change and add a day it was genuin mistake which now means our autistic son his twin sister and myself a organ transplant patient will not be able to go and stuck with a large bill for nothing.fly be where happy to change and everyone was happy to do so accept Disney there opinion is contract is a contract and your sons and your health does not matter and compassion is not in our ethos as a company. my son loves Disney it's how we communicate with him and he loves the Disney castle this is such a shame and I am upset for him and disappointed with Disneys booking department which is supposed to be family and special needs oriented. I am sure once in the park he would of been treated brilliantly if we could of made it he would of been so happy and it would of helped him so much and that would of made us All happy very sad day for my kids and DisneyPaid in the region of 2000 pound for four day trip to Disney land for my daughters birthday Must say after being here two times before this will be my last Only half the rides on in main park and others closed because of technical issues ( think that's the official statement for lack of staff ) Although we still managed to get through the day and having to cue for everything due to the park only being part open have to say I don't think I'll be back to Paris Disney Expensive and badly managed and organised Four days in Paris for the same price as two weeks in Orlando You would think they would make an effortBefore I start and in case anyone thinks I'm anti Disney that is not the case. I've visited Disneyland in L.A. and visited Walt Disney World on 5 occasions staying on site on three occasions. I love Disney but Disneyland Paris was a total shambles.It looked great with the decorations and festive atmosphere etc. but it was horrendously busy. We got in at 0910 with the park opening 10 minutes earlier and queues had already built up. We went to the Studios first and the RocknRoller Coaster was a 45 mins. by that time. By later in the day the queues were simply unacceptable. I'm used to Disney queues around the world but 180 min queue for a five minute ride is simply idiotic. Yes, we went during the French Christmas holiday period but there were far too many people in that park. I dread to think what would have happened if they'd had to evacuate quickly.We went over to the main Park at lunchtime to let our 9 year old ride the thrill rides   that was a joke. He's 142 cm's as I measured him to be sure. He was refused access on Indiana Jones with a minimum limit of 140 by a totally disinterested staff member who actually hit his head with the measuring stick on the way past. This was queue management and nothing else. Star Tours was closed for refurbishment so that was out. Big Thunder Mountain was shut due to a fault so we went to Space Mountain   also shut due to a fault. So we had a park stuffed to bursting point and the four biggest rides all out of limits.Decided to have some lunch and see if the rides would restart. That was a joke. Every place was bursting at the seams with folks sitting eating on the floors or outside in sub zero temperatures as there were no seats. Ended up with burger and chips outside in the cold. No patio heaters or shelter. Just left to get on with it by staff who couldn't care less and were totally run off their feet.Big Thunder Mountain did re open but immediately shot up to 2 hours wait so we gave it a miss.In short this was the biggest waste of nearly   200 I've ever spent. I WILL be back to WDW but I'll give the money grabbing shambles which is Disneyland Paris a miss in future. I'll never complain about queueing in the heat of Florida again.Sorry Disney you seriously angered me and let down you're company name in a way I wouldn't have imagined. 0 10 from us and sort out your numbers before somebody gets seriously injured.Really not impressed  stayed at one of the Disney hotels   on the whole we found the staff unfriendly, there was no Disney atmosphere in the hotels and the parks, the lines were on average over an hour long no matter the time of day. You do not see a Disney character unless it's a paid for meet and greet. The park is very poorly signed and the staff are not overly eager to communicate in any language other than French. As my husband summed it up, 'there's no Disney love at this place'. I would not recommend it to anyone.After being around 10 times in the past I will definitely not be going back. We where unable to go on or see various shows  rides as too many people .. try queuing with 2 children under 5 . They have skimp on fireworks with a light show so unless you get your space an hour before you cannot see the display very well . Staff look miserable and do not greet you . Lack of Disney characters walking around like there used to be . A truly stressful holiday . I will not be going again . Poor attitude. Too busy. Zero customer service.Frankly, I'm surprised the Disney Corporation is happy to have its brand associated with something as badly run as this. They summarily decide to finish fast passes (for no apparent reason), the rides break down intermittently, the food is dreadful and vastly overpriced and queue jumping appears to be a common pastime here. The place looks and sounds magical, as you'd expect, but the heart is simply not here. Such a shame.I have just returned from Disneyland and the park itself is faultless. Great rides and a great setting. Unfortunately all this is ruined by the hordes and hordes of children. (It was like the walking dead on smarties) my enjoyment was ruined by he clear lack of discipline in 99% of visiting children who basically had a free for all with no intervention from their parents! From the constant screaming, to having endless prams bashed into my feet! To the running and screaming around the restaurants banging tables with their parents simply having the attitude of  it's Disneyland go nuts  I must also mention that I visited at a time when schools were not in half terms and I can only say no wonder the economy is in dire trouble with thousands of children missing out on valuable education! (120 minute wait for ratatouille in term time!)If your a parent reading this then know that my day will come and I will have a child of my own. And I will simply visit Disneyland give them a box of smarties and watch them go nuts!In short Disneyland is a great place to visit (if not expensive) just would be better without the children! :pI can't understand how anyone can give this place a good review. It is so overcrowded with lots of rides out of action. There is no atmosphere, no Disney magic, no characters walking around. It was such a disappointment. The French also seem to lack awareness of personal space and are constantly banging into your back as you queue, even when the queue isn't moving. Queue jumping and letting their kids run riot also seems to be perfectly acceptable. As is mowing you down with their buggies and barging you out the way   whether you are an adult or a child. As others have mentioned, smoking is rife all over the park. The security guards with dogs also let their dogs crap on the pavement and don't bother to clear it up. You will spend your whole time queueing Queuing for underwhelming 30 second ridesQueueing for a vile coffee or disgusting junk foodQueueing for the unsanitary toilets You get my point. Don't buy into the hype. Spend your money on something else worthwhile.Disney have got this so wrong and you come away never wanting to buy anything Disney again! The majority of the park under renovation with unimaginative boarding and temporary signage. I would expect more from Disney as it could have been themed and made as an experience but no its just painted grey and boarded up. Some areas are almost completly closed and you do feel ripped off for a once in a lifetime trip! I accept that things need updating but don't update multiple rides throughout the park at the same time! We counted over 10 rides closed for renovation and then on 4 other occasions rides were temporary shut due to technical faults. These did reopen but then caused long queues at other rides due to these faults. Whilst you can almost accept renovation however unimaginative it is done the price of food is something that is unforgivable! You are quite simply robbed if you expect to eat! When you do remorgage your house and decide to buy a meal the quality is shocking and something you would get at a late night food joint! Simply do not eat here it is not worth it! There is also a severe lack of seating within the park and if you go out of season there is not much cover anywhere and no where to sit where it's warm with kids. The kids did get very cold at parts and as we couldn't afford the restaurants you are left with little choice but to leave the park and go to the hotel. Overall you feel very much like you are being fleeced of money and whilst some things seem reasonable in price like the photopass between the renovations and the cost of food it's simply not worth going! There are better theme parks I'm the country that I live in that I can go in a day and it costs nothing near going to Disney. The characters are good and they do spend time with the children but there is no hospitality and the park has no atmosphere, severely lacking the Disney magic that they promise. Just come back from a 3 day visit to Disney Paris. We have been many times before but it seems they have  lost the plot .We travelled with daughter and 5 grand children looking forward to giving them a similar experience to what we had previously experienced, only to find that not one ride had less than 60 min waiting time including children's rides, the main adult rides were 90 mins plus and fast pass availability 4 to 5 hours in advance! We only achieved 6 rides over 3 days! Costing over   1000 for the tickets is daylight robbery.Both parks were the same problem far too many people being let in and hardly able to walk down the main street.We had to go to Macdonalds to get anything to eat as no tables or capacity for eating anywhere in the park.We admit the exchange rate is poor at the moment but paying thousands of pounds to barely move around in the overcrowded park for 3 days is hardly worth it. Far better to save the money to go to Florida where the staff at least are friendly and welcoming and you can actually get on a ride in a reasonable time.Having bought some tickets via the internet before we went to Paris there was a problem with the website and we ended up with tickets that were only valid from when we came home. Phoned told no refund but would be accepted by desk in Paris but may be a small difference to pay. How wrong   treated as if two seperate organisations and had to buy new tickets full price (would have walked away but children would not have understood). Apart from ticket desk all staff very friendly with fixed smiles but park was diappointng as so much closed down. A very expensive day, park catering facilities expensive and typical American junk food.There is just shopping center and restaurantsThere is no deisny fun , just one park for walkingNo attractionFor each photo or game you must stay long time sometimes more than 1hPrice of the park and parking is highComparing with price there must be 5euro with free parkingJust travelled in the October half term with my partner and two children aged 7 and 9. Booked a 5 day 4 night trip expecting to have a lot of fun   but there was almost none to be had. WAS THE WORST FAMILY HOLIDAY WE'VE EXPERIENCED. Many rides closed for maintenance. Many very dated and dull. Not enough to do and see for this length of trip. You should only need a day but queues would prevent you from getting on everything in this time.Long long queues for everything. No queue less than 30minutes even for the more minor attractions, over an hour (frequently 90 120minutes) for the big thrill rides. There were a few good moments: The big thrill rides (Space Mountain Crushes Coaster Aerosmith Tower of Terror) Rattatouille were great fun once you got on them   but these are of course only 2 3 minutes long at most and the fun:dull (queuing) ratio is very very low.The Motor show is good but a bit disappointing with lack of good finale.Backlot tour pretty impressive.Cinamagique films very goodMickey and the Magician goodStitch Live goodThe Disney Parade goodand we loved the night time light show .... that was very impressive.... but that's about all folks!We added up the fun moments and they totalled a very generous maximum of about 4 5 hours   not great when we were there for 5 days!!!!Many of the smaller rides are OK but just not good enough to be worth the wait.Armageddon awful   what was that about!!Jedi experience dull.Disney Junior Live awful lacking in energy and very dullWhilst Ratatouille was good it was clear there are major problems as seemed to breakdown on daily basis. Queued nearly 1 hour on one occasion to then have the ride fail and be closed!! What a terrible way to spend a holiday! Reduced me to tears that day!!Similar experience on Crushes Coaster!Where was the Frozen experience?!?! Ok there was a float but no other reference other than dresses for    80!Food overpriced and generally rubbish. Shops everywhere selling almost nothing other than overpriced Disney tat.No magic, no excitement.There could be entertainment for the queuing masses, street entertainment, original shops, disney characters walking the park (people employed to do this rather than stand manning yet another stall of rubbish merchandise), more shows catering for larger crowds (Go to Puy to Fou it's soooooooo much better) ..... I don't know what else but there's got to be some way of doing better than this.We could have had more fun in just one day at a local theme park (Drayton Manor or Alton Towers) for a fraction of the price.DON'T GO! DON'T WASTER YOUR TIME AND MONEY! DREADFUL DREADFUL DREADFULSo many more better thing to do with your life!!!!Well wish could get money back. Took 3 young kids. So much more closed or broken down then ever on web site before booking. pirates of caribbean closed one day pinocio ride broken down two daysstar tours closedone station closedpirate boat couldnt walk aroundshooting galery broken and closedthunder mountain closedhalf seats of slinky dog ride brokenratatouille got fast pass ticket at 10am said come back for ride at 7.55 pm. with small kids? pocahontis village closedmesa riverboat closedThats some list erhh! kids very disappointed. Half term holidays so huge queues taking about 1hr per ride. As Disney before found staff very unfriendly to small kids lost the sparkle of true Disney. Characters hardly walked around anymore. meeting places took hours to have cuddle with them. Strollers prams well become so difficult now. used to offer single or doube stroller.    12    18. Now    20 single only. Then find cant take out park unless    50 deposit given. Then if take from one park you cant leave at another park as cant get deposit back so needs returning to same park. staff unhelpful and whole process useless as babies and young toddlers cant walk between village restaurants and park distance too great and stroller pointless. whom would steel stroller? they are solid and heavy and dont fold. Food and drink become total Mickey take for best words. Now so expensive for poor quality food or drink. vending machine coffee at too hotel price in horrid paper cup not even drinking lids like mac donald's do for    1. Really the park is looking tied. run down and staff need training. Nothing like Disney USA and just feel totally let down for my family and kids disappointed. Oh yer and broken down roller walkways to car parks leaving little kids so far to walk without help. left days with boards up at each end and no effort to fix. Shame on Disney. We have just returned from a family trip to Disneyland Paris. My two sisters and I decided to take our daughters aged 4 6 and 7 for a day and night. Well firstly can I say that this trip is costly. Everything about Disneyland is expensive. It cost us over   50 per ticket for entrance into the park and what do you get for this??? It seemed like we were walking around a park with hardly any good rides. My first impressions was that it was dated. Have they not updated this park since it first opened 20 plus years ago. Disney you really need to move with the times. The castle is plastic looking and not real like. Where is the Disney characters waving from the balcony? The rides are out dated. We queued for some ride called Le Pays Des Contes De Fee, according to their leaflet it's not to be missed. Well it a small boat ride around some lame small wooden scenes from Disney movies. My daughter could have made in nursery. Where is the animations. Where is the 3D cinematic rides that take you through a journey of Disney film adventures. Where is the holographic Minnie and Mikey waving at you as enter the park? Where is the Elsa and Anna Characters? Your most successful Disney film to date and you haven't decided to make a frozen castle? Where is the magic? All I saw was a couple of unpopular Disney characters in the park where you have to que hours to have a pic with. Mickey and Minnie well expect over a 2 hour queue to meet them. You should have a proper theatre auditorium where visitors can sit properly to see a property show. It seems Disney you have lost your magic, This park is not about the children this is a money spinner. Everything is about making money. We booked to have lunch with the Disney princesses 70 EUROS PER PERSON! The kids menu was Cinderella bites to start and pasta for main. Well what came out for our young kids to eat was laughable. Quails eggs and a load of salad leaves in a bowl. You call that Cinderella bites. Kids don't eat food like this. The pasta a tiny bowl of plain pasta with a small portion of tomato sauce on the side. What a disgrace. The manager said but you pay for the princess experience. Oh what Cinderella Ariel and sleeping beauty walking around the restaurant for half an hour. WHERE IS ELSA AND ANNA or your up to date characters. They should all be in the park every single day. This is a Sham! Sorry but I truly think Walt Disney would be turning in his grave. Bring back the real magic of Disney where kids truly experience good food and great quality attractions and entertainment. Why don't you bring in a macdonalds into the park and a pizza express? Decent food chains. Your greed means you are so lacking in quality. Very very dissappointed. I would say to a family saving all their hard earned cash to go. DONT BOTHER..Being disabled getting on rides weren't so bad but to see any characters most were fully booked, but if your lucky you could find one to book but then you needed to work out where to be so not missing it, feels this could be avoided by booking timeslots at townhall office then you could plan betterYou have to pay a whole lot of money to get to Paris and to stay in Paris. Then you pay an absurd amount of money to enter Disney!For what, a whole lot of shops and very expensive restaurants. A lot closed attraction and after 18:30. The train, cabs and attraction Snow White are also closed! Personal doesn't listen, the just speak.Never ever again! They can learn from the Efteling in Holland! Better atmosphere and vibe!   far too comercial, it is not 'in' theese days, it will bunkrupt during next 10 20 years  admission and everything inside is too expensive  too crowded  long queues for train  lot of expensive and rubish food  not for adults, too boring  not worth visiti90 euros a person to get in for one day (two parcs) which is bad enough. Upon entering the parc we discovered that most of the main attractions ie rides were closed it seemed the only places open along with the minor rides and attractions were either shops or restaraunts. With so many parts of both parcs closed there should have been notification before shelling out all that cash plus 20 euros just to park the car and or a reduced entry price to reflect the diminished state of the parcsWent for a weekend with my 13 year old daughter.Stayed at one of the on site hotels which entitled us to early entry between 8 10am.Arrived at gates at 8.15, which were closed and not open until 9am. By this time hundreds of people from the various hotels were all queuing. No updates or info given as to what was happening.Got to ticket office with my mobile voucher, then directed to customer services. Queued at customer services to be told I had to email then the voucher, even though they could see it on my phone. They did not have the facilities to scan it. This is one of the largest company's on the planet, but they don't have the facilities to scan mobile vouchers??!!My email was unable to sent it to them, I was told at this stage that it was my fault for not printing it out   great customer service!! The que was full of families in the same predicament. I had a 13 year old who although fed up tried to find a solution by sending it from her email. Other families were not so fortunate, toddlers were crying, parents were stressed and it was certainly not the happiest place on earth.When we finally got into the park, we had arranged to have breakfast there, there was no one the to ask directions. Many of the large rides were closed. Frontier land is basically a waste of time.I have been to the Florida Disney which is far superior to this. I would recommend you save your money and go to Florida. Give this pour imitation a miss.Last month (August 2016) was my second time ever at Disneyland Paris and Walt Disney Studios Park... I grew up going to the US parks (been to WDW and DL at least 20 times in my lifetime), haven't been to any of the Disney parks located in Asia... I'm mentioning this as a reference point.Returning to Disneyland Paris was a terrible experience, it was my birthday and my girlfriend's first time ever at a Disney Park (I wanted to take her to WDW, but she's from South America and doesn't have a US visa).The two main problems that we encountered where that there are many rude cast members (I would say about 40% of the ones we interacted with) and also that rides kept breaking down.Our first ride was Buzz Lightyear's at Tomorrowland.... it got stuck for at least 2 minutes halfway thru.The same happened with Haunted Mansion later in the evening... we only rode it once, and it got stuck twice! For about 2 minutes the first time and 5 minutes the second.The Ratatouille ride was also out of service for a couple of hours right in the middle of the day... we later returned and it was working fine.Had a reservation made over a month in advance at Chez Remy, it was for dinner but since we rode the attraction at about 3PM, we asked if we could see the place and the host with a smirk replied that it was  better  to wait to see it later, at the time we had our reservation so that it was a  surprise  for us... a  polite  way of saying  no ... because of this attitude we decided to have dinner elsewhere.We were also treated rudely by another cast member at the Aerosmith ride... I don't even want to write it because it will probably take too much of my time and I don't really want to remember it.After that I simply tried to stop interacting with cast members.Guests were also smoking everywhere around the park... something you don't usually see at the US parks... EVERYWHERE.One of the few positive things I can say about this park is that the castle is perhaps the prettiest and the Ratatouille ride is very good... but not worth traveling all the way to Europe for... You'll have a much more magical, authentic Disney experience at the US parks.I bought tickets on the internet page of Disneyland Paris. We were terribly surprised when we visited both parks. Major attractions were under reconstruction. It was nowhere mentioned when I bought the tickets for full price. If I new this I would not fly in from the Czech Republic! This is a tricky behavior and I would not expect anything like this form Disneyland.Was here recently , at arrival we saw signages that a few of the attractions were closed . We had two tickets for two days . We hardly spent three hours and moved out Coz there is nothing much to do if you are a teenager and above your days of taking pictures with cartoons. Apart from the thrill rides which are very limited in number there is nothing great to do apart from clicking pictures and watching animated stuff. We did not even use the tickets for the second day as travelling all the way from Paris is a task and was not worth. We checked with the staff if we can return the tickets for the second day atleast but they would not accept it so had to walk off having paid about 160 175 EUROS per ticket and spent only about 3 4 hours . Not worth. August 2016, Went to Disneyland Paris, Paid Full Price to Enter, only to find 50 % of the rides we wanted to go on were closed for Maintenance.Most of Frontier Land, ClosedThunder Mesa Riverboat Landing ClosedRiver Boat ClosedBig Thunder Mountain ClosedAdventure Land;Indiana Jones & the Temple of Doom, ClosedSwiss Family Robinson Tree House, ClosedPirate Galleon, ClosedAdventure Island, ClosedPocahontas Indian Village, ClosedStar Tours, ClosedLa Galerie de la Bell au Bois Dormant, ClosedLes Voyages de Pinocchio, ClosedNo warnings on the Gate, Limited information in the park.If 1 2 the park is closed, you should only expect to pay 1 2 the entrance fee.I was very sad to see the conditions that the park was in. Many rides were closed, it was actually ridiculous the amount of rides (and very important ones closed).The other rides had technical problems constantly. Every day we would wait for more than 30min and when we where about to go to the ride, at least 3 rides per day they would say that there was a problem and they force you to leave. I was only given once a fast pass to go back, but the ride was out of service during the whole day so we couldn't even ride it. Staff was rude, they don't even bother to explain it in English or Spanish and when they want to say something they do it in French and many of them in such a low tone it's imposible to even try to understand.I was worked in disney 2 years ago and I was very sad to see how it is now. I asked the people I used to work with and they told me that they were renovating the attractions for next year that will be disney's 25th anniversary. So if you really want to go, wait until next year because it was a mistake going now.Just didn't enjoy the queues, poor customer service, closed attractions, lack of dining options and the underwhelming impression that the management couldn't really care. Oh and bring your credit card as whilst the premium won't surprise you, the lack of value for money will. Frankly if you're going to Disney sob the real thing in the US. In Europe Phantasialand is so much better.Probably 2016 is the worst year ever for the following reasons :1  big attraction closed in the summer for renovation can you believe it in the vacation season !!2  most of attractions keeps failing for technical and would close for an hour or two3  due to points 1 & 2 all the rides are rushed now and duration cut in half to accommodate as many guests and lessen the queues , so after waiting for an hour to ride suddenly the whole ride takes a minute or two that you miss a lot and don't enjoyWorst year ever in Disney On the other hand the poor staff are trying to help in a very friendly way Renovations should have been done out of the peak season Extremely rude and threatning staff especially at the Princess Pavillion. Thomasz and Zaida are extremely rude and shout at families and children like animals.Being a lover of all things Disney, I was so excited about this visit. Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed. I expected long queues, everyone who goes to a Disney park comments on that, however, I was astounded by the sheer commercialism. Yes, souvenirs   great... but more souvenir shops than rides attractions? 40 euros for two hot dogs, two beers, one fries and one coke?! How does a family of 4 5 afford this?Blown away by the 2 HOUR QUEUE to have your photo taken with Mickey Mouse only to realise you had to pay for this privilege. The best bit for me was my Minnie Mouse ears which I proudly modelled all around Paris!My visit was in August     summer      Half of rides were under maintenance!!!  Adventureland & Frontierland were under maintenance all together!!!!  Workers are unprofessional and depressed, not like Disneyland Orlando experience!!!  I really don't recommend Disneyland Paris at all.......Not a good time to go. Online ticket machine scanner not working, so we waited over an hour at the guest relations window to get our online ticket scanned just to gain entry into the park. Extremely inefficient if you ask me, considering there were only several people in the line before us, and three windows servicing guests. Half the rides were closed for refurbishment or were not operating due to wet weather. All the large 'thrilling' rides were basically not operating. Some of these closures were not mentioned on the website either, so we came expecting to at least be able to enjoy some rides. We were left with the more family friendly rides which can be kind of a bore one after the other. We left the park at 5pm, the earliest I have ever left Disneyland. There really wasn't much to do or see there. Extremely disappointing and not worth the money you pay to get in right now.Well, we visited the park on monday the 1st of august (first day of peak season) and there were a lot of rides and park zones closed for works, there was a big red crane at midday painting the pink castle. We wouldn't recommend the visit during high season (august) due to works and high entrance prices. Real images from yesterday.I've been to both parks in the US and this place shouldn't even have the same name. Nothing magical. I'd like to say the kids didn't notice and loved it but they did feel the difference. I'd spend one day at most to minimize your frustration. Fun fact   my hotel had a scheduled power outage one day and we couldn't use our room or the pool for hours. They really didn't care.I was there for an hour before my iphone got stolen. I was queueing with my two year old who needed help, so I put all my things down on the ground and saw to him, and meanwhile someone came past the queue and stole my iphone, hat and jumper off the ground next to me. Nobody cared. I managed to find city hall, after being redirected four times, and they just wrote my number down on a piece of paper and a description   no help even though there are security guards EVERYWHERE   nobody was interested. I queued for three rides, Mickey mouse (40 minutes queue), the Teacups (25 minutes queue) and the Carousel (20 minutes queue) this was just after 10 in the morning, so we got there as early as it opened. Each ride was really fast   actually so fast I barely managed to take a few photos with my iphone (now stolen) before they ended   maybe 2 minutes maximum? I bought a hotdog at Casey's hotdogs, for 9.50euro (about 8 british pounds) and it was properly disgusting. The sausage was plastic, tough and rubbery, luke warm, and the bread was like plastic, tasteless, yeasty and boring. The  cheese  was nothing I had ever seen that came from an actual cow   more like yellow covered slime, and the crispy onions were saturated in greasy oil. I bought a small cup of popcorn for 5 euro, again, it was greasy, bland, tasteless and actually, I left it on a seat because I couldn't be bothered carrying it on all the queues, where I had to leave my 20 euro hired stroller behind and carry all my things, including my two year old son, through the enormous queues. My son wanted to meet Mickey Mouse, but there was a half an hour queue and I said no. Temper tantrum ensured but I was tired, alone, and in a large place that felt really unfriendly and all about show and making money, not about wonderment. The staff really didn't care. The ticket cost 84 euro for me for the day, it surely wasn't worth that. Many of the rides were shut, and you have to walk for miles around all the construction walls that are up. My recommendation? Hell on earth. Please don't waste your money. Go to Paris, see the Eiffel tower, walk along the river, go to Notre Dame   give your children a brain, not an empty wallet.I love Disney but was really ,really disappointed this visit when my two favourite rides were both out of action at the same time !!! When you are travelling with teenagers it meant that they were too bored with the other parts of the part too quickly and it soon list its magic on a four day stay ! Have to say this was really poor   several other main attractions out of action too   surely these maintenance operations could be timed better ! Was really excited about this holiday and have to say it fell flat   disappointing beyond belief !I was recently made redundant from my job of 15 years. I have 2 daughters aged 24 and 21 and we are huge Disney fans. We have visited Orlando on a few occasions when they were younger. I decided that I would use some of my redundancy money to fund a Disney trip as a treat. I could not afford Orlando so we booked a trip to Disneyland Paris and the three of us were very excited about it. The trip was a catastrophic disappointment. We stayed at the New York Hotel which was lovely   no real complaints there. We were offered the free meal plan which I upgraded to the Plus Plan.We arrived on Tuesday 28th June quite late and decided we would go into Disney Village for our evening meal. We decided to use our vouchers at Annette's. Whilst the food was lovely the service was unacceptable. We were served by a young waiter who advised us what we could order from the menu. I explained that I am vegetarian and so he said I could have the Veggie Burger, I asked if if was possible to change the toppings on the burger, the response was  no . Nothing else, just  no . We ordered drinks and I ordered a lemon fanta. Again the response was  you can't have that on your meal plan . I was very taken aback as this is not the kind of service I expect when in Disney. The food was lovely but the service left me feeling like I was a pauper expecting welfare handouts. It sullied the whole meal. I would have been prepared to pay for anything extra we wanted but that clearly was not an option.Nevermind, we thought, tomorrow is another day. We'll have fun in Disney Studios. How wrong we were. We arrived at the park at 11.30am, attempted to get into a Cinemagique and Art of Animation experience to be told to come back at 12 o clock. We then moved onto and spent the first half an hour queueing to get into the Armageddon  ride . It was absolutely rubbish. We couldn't understand a word that was being said and had expected so much more based on our Orlando experience. The day then goes from bad to worse. We next went to the Rock n Roller Coaster and expected to queue for one hour according to the notices. However, the ride broke down and so it was more like 2 hours that we queued. We next went to the  Behind the Scenes  tram experience and queued up for 20 minutes to then be told to go away as the ride had broken down. We were feeling very despondent and let down by this time. We moved around to Crush's coaster and queued up for half an hour to be told again that the ride had broken down and to go away and come back later. We decided to go into the Toy Story section of the park. More disappointment when we realised the Indy Car ride was closed for refurbishment. Never mind we thought, we'll go on the Parashute Drop. Can you guess what happened? After 45 minutes of queueing we were told that the ride had broken down and to come back later. By now this had totally ruined our day. We decided to try Crush again and after one and half hours of queuing we managed to get on the ride. Earlier in the day, around 3 o clock we had tried to get a fastpass for Ratatouille as the queue time was 2 hours but even though the park had 4 hours before it closed there were no fast passes available. So we spent nearly 8 hours in Disney Studios and only managed to get on 3 rides. Not exactly Disney standards or our money's worth.We were still unsure about the meal plan after our experience at Annette's and so decided to pay for a meal at Planet Hollywood instead that evening to cheer ourselves up.The next day we went into Disneyland Park with hopes that we might have a good day. We queued for 45 minutes for Buzz Lightyear (the wait time said 15 minutes). My girls were excited for some of the bigger rides and so we raced over to Space Mountain: closed. More disappointment. We raced over to Star Tours: closed. It goes on: Casey Jr: closed. Big Thunder Mountain: closed. Pirate Galleon: closed. Robinson Tree House: Closed. Peter Pan: Closed. Riverboat landing: closed. What a huge disappointment. We spent 12 hours in the park and the only rides we managed to get on were Indiana Jones after a horrific queue (no wonder as no other thrill rides were open) and Pirates of the Caribbean. We tried to get a fastpass for Indiana Jones at 2pm and bearing in mind that the rides didn't close til 10 that evening there were none left!We also ate in Blue Lagoon and I ordered the only vegetarian dish available and it came in a fish sauce so couldn't eat it.The whole trip was a huge disappointment from start to finish. Well over 50% of the big thrill rides were closed and added to that the number of rides that broke down we only managed a measly 5 rides after spending a total of 20 hours in the parks.This trip was meant to be a memory making trip for my daughters and I and it made all the wrong sort of memories. I don't think a review can fully get across the true disappoinment of the trip.I feel that my money has been taken under false promises. We booked with the intention of getting a Disney experience. Blackpool Pleasure Beach would have done better.I wrote to the CEO a week ago and havent even received an acknowledgement.I am currently trying to find the best place to formally complain about my recent break to Disney land Paris.I honestly don't know where to begin with the list of complaints..........The security on entering the park is fairly non existent. There were 4 adults and 4 children in our group and most days they ushered us through with out any checks at all. Given recent circumstance this left us slightly nervous. The park looks almost shut with boarding up EVERYWHERE saying under renovation for your future enjoyment. The majority of the large rides were shut, restaurants all around closed up, and some of the big shows again closed!This caused the queues at the remaining rides and shows to be insane. A serious lack of staff throughout the park leading to smoking everywhere even though it states it is non smoking. We stayed 5 days and due to the closures and queues we were only able to appreciate around 50% of the parks.Horrendous and costly experience.My advise is don't go.First, the price you pay at the entrance is more than 50 pct than the internet price, with no obvious mention of it on their website. 75 euros instead of 47...Then, most of the attractions, included the biggest, were closed   supposedly for maintenance ! Star wars, space mountain, Adventure Island, Pirates Galleon, Pocahontas village, Robinson's hut, and several others ! Therefore the queues were long for the few opened activities even if it was a low attendance day. More than 45 minutes for Indiana Jones, more than an hour for a picture with Donald.... We felt utterly ripped off. I went in Disneyland and Disney studios last June.. everything was very well but not the Ratatoille... it was unuseful... I am sick so I have just a bit time to spend in this life... all my money went to this vacancy on Disneyland. Also  white snow attractions  was cracked.. and in toy story world my boyfriend and my daughter were blocked in the attraction because a guy forgot his bag. They were scared of a bomb.If you have older children they will be very disappointed as all but 2 rides were closed. Waste of money. Expected so much more. They should not be allowed to charge full price. Total rip off!!!I was ready to pay and children ready to enjoy. But Disney let us down. They took the money all right but they were not able to handle the number of visitors in the park. Most of the day we spend in line and in a period of 8 hours we were able to try 3 rides. Same scenario the following three days : (We have been to Disney in the US, and it seams that they are more ready for the high numbers of visitors.I have been there few times and each time I regret. If you stay 8 hours there, you will enjoy attraction for 30 mins, remaining time is for waiting onlyOur family has visited every Disney Park in the US, and looked forward to visit the one In Paris.This was i big disapointment. Several of the main attractions were closed due to maintenance. This caused ques up to three hours on other attractions. Both reservations for dinner was lost, even though we had booked months ago. The food served was terrible and overpriced. We stayed for two nights at the Disney New York Hotel. This was OK. But we were promised two hours exclusive time in the park every morning for Hotel guests. When we turned up, the main areas for teenage kids were not open. A total rippoff!!Paying good money for these days were not worth the hours we spent standing in endless lines.We will never return to Disneyland Paris or Disney Studios.they have made it in two parts, the Disney studio and walt Disney park. but the walt Disney park has nothing, it is waste of land. all the good rides were closed for maintanence. we Indians should go to hongkong Disney which is faaar far better and you will have a feel of Disney. they have every thing is Disney shape., all characters are always roaming and you can interact. the paris Disney is just big in size and they are not able to justify .Five things to think about before going.This is not a Disney park, just to be clear about that so you don't end up in disappointment when you don't see any characters or hardly anything else that reminds you of Disney.You still want to go? Next to do is check which rides that are open, at the 27e june there was so many out of order, and it wasn't just a bad day, most it's planed. 5 8!! of the thrill rides was out. Well you still hanging in for going, then book on internet, it's more then half price. But even with that make sure to have your Big pocket with you, they will try to charg   you for everyting. Have a bag to put items in pocket, no safety boxes at the rides.After this checklist don't forget I warned you, this is the short list of how bad this park is, there is more to discover (there is more reviews at their Facebook if you not trust me) so now it's up to take your patience and go, you will definitely need it.This was my second visit, my first visit was way back in 10 yrs ago and I had great memory from my last visit. I've expected bit like disneyworldish disneyland.. probably my expectation made much more disappointed.. Today it is late Jun which is considered as beginning of high season. More then half of the attractions and restaurants were closed. Here is the worse part, there were like one or two thrill rides were opened today including disney studio parks. Also rides suddenly stopped more than three times while I was riding rides through out the day. (One had to get off from the ride cuz they were not able to reoperate it)Also non of guests respected designated smoking area. I had headaches from queue line out side of building cuz ppl were smoking even in the lines. Well from this experience, I guess I will never coming back to disney land paris. This park is far off from the other disney lands standards.It's a total rip off!!! 12 rides were closed for refurbishment, the rides that are left are basic fairground rides with a Disney theme. Don't get ripped off go to a different theme park, save money & have a better day    Unless you are positive about all  refurbishing  attractions has ended, AVOID THIS PLACE at all costs or you will be scammed like us: more than 6 rides in Disneyland Studios have been closed for weeks (I didn't know this when I booked my vacations last October) and many other run the same luck at Disneyland Park.Moreover, parades look cheap and unprepared, prices are outrageous and rides are all fashioned.I've been here before in 1997 and I am positive they haven't invest a dime in new attractions.STAY AWAY! Go to Disneyworld @ Orlando,Fl for an unmatched experience!The staff here is very rude and racist they don't know how to talk   We indian are very big spender I think Disney Paris does not need Indian tourists   So all Indian groups big no to Disney ParisIf you want to make your kids disappointed Disney Paris is def. your place to go!!! Im sorry but we been in Florida many times but this one is not even close to that disney. We not enjoying to stand in the line for hours just to have pictures with Donald, or Mickey. Way to overpriced for NOTHING! cheap and tired rides. Approximately 40% of the park is closed, and the stuff is not nice at all... As I child I went to the Disney World in Florida and it was one of the most magical things I can ever remember. So on our way to a French holiday with relatives, we booked 2 nights (at the Vienna Magic Circus which was fab but different review) and a 1 day 2 park pass. Our boys (6 and 4) first visit we were so excited and we had a loose plan of what we wanted to do especially with height restrictions. Few days before noticed a lot was closed like Peter Pan and Space Mountain, disappointed but already booked so not much we could do and we had never been before so didn't realise how bad this would be until there. We hit the Studio park first and the rides that were open like Ratatouille waited 55mins with a 4yr old already doing so well but hadn't even got on and were evacuated off as it had broken down. Went straight to Crush Coaster and after 20mins same thing happened it broken down. We headed to Toy Story Parachute and Hollywood Tower but there were over 90mins waits because there was nothing else running so everyone was hitting them. Advertised as a midi day (a May Friday not in school hols) but couldn't see how they could have got ANY more people in the parks and it was 25C so even getting a bottle of water was a mission and more queing. We went over to the Disney park hoping to at least see some characters but unlike my friend said a few months ago they are not walking about anymore it's a ... You guessed it, Que system at least 55mins alll day to see Mickey. So by now it's 1pm and the boys have done NOTHING, except que but been on no rides or seen any characters! My 6yr old just broke down I actually have a video of him saying  Disneyland isn't as fun as I thought  it was heartbreaking. We ended up going on 3 small rides like Small world and the Tea cups (can pay   1.50 at our local fun fayre to do) and watched the parade but all we did the whole day was que in boiling sun and ply the kids out of guilt with ice creams, treats and hot dogs (4 plain hot dogs, 2 bottles of water and a Coke 41E and a 30mins wait!!) more money in Disney's pocket though as you're trapped... very clever. We were told it was open until 10pm so after the parade Bee lined for the studio again to try Ratatouille but that park closes at 6pm!! No one mentioned this. I had tried to get fast passes but all gone and we spoke to a few who had got them for Ratatouille but they couldn't use them as it was broken down anyway, I did complain as we left but they didn't want to know. We gave up then, boys could barley speak from exhaustion and they had spied Planet Hollywood in the village which we then bigged up as  Pizza planet  from Toy story as they didn't get to see Buzz and Woody as hoped. Again 35min wait for a table then over an hour for our food, even the waiter was apologising. 100E for greasy pizza and a few drinks. Totally devastated for my boys feel I totally let them down by building up so much doing big reveal bags with outfits etc WOULD NOT return, total rip off.If you love your children please don't let Disneyland Paris be their first  Disney  experience. I go to a Disney park at least once a year and I always LOVE them. I do not understand why Disney even has their name on this park. The service at Disneyland Paris is deplorable even for French standards. Additionally, if you want your children to get a large dose of second hand smoke take them to Disneyland Paris.The only positive thing about Disneyland Paris is they sell alcohol in the park. You do have to buy food with it so expect to buy a round of beers with a single donut. Additionally, it was nice that the train goes straight to Disneyland from Paris. This has been on my bucket list for years and it certainly is not worth the money even for the biggest Disney fans.With over half the rides being refurbished and the rest becoming very dated,this park has had its day. I hope for the site's sake the refurbishment significantly change the park and reduce disappointed visitors. If I thought my complaints would be responded to I would make a lot of noise and demand my money back. Come on Disney sort it out!Well what a disappointment. We have just finished a 3 day visit to Disneyland Paris and have come away very disappointed and deflated. So what went wrong. Firstly we picked the wrong week. You would think that booking in May June you would have had some decent weather but no 3 days of heavy rain with the occasional thunderstorm nothing Disney could have done about that really but what was annoying is the profit they must have made on the sales of poncho rain coats at 10 euros a throw. Nearly everyone had to buy one as the weather was so bad. The most annoying thing was on our arrival 19 of the 45 attractions were closed for refurbishment. This included Star tours our favourite ride in Orlando , big Thunder mountain , the dragon ride , autopia, adventure island , Aladdin, Peter Pan,pirate beach Pocahontas village,rock and roll coaster to name a few. It just felt like everything good was closed. Why oh why could they have not planned this better and just had 1 or maybe 2 attractions closed at a time. Walking round and seeing everything boarded up was heartbreaking for my little boy. Well and truly disappointed especially after spending well over   2000 of our hard earned money on a 5 day getaway. Please save your money and go somewhere else!! It is full of ignorant people who do not know how to queue. Some of the people would literally stand on your kids to get to the front to see anything that is happening. There is no communication on the park to inform you of what is happening. If your child wants to meet Mickey Mouse you have to pay extra money on top of what you have already paid to get into the park in a restaurant. The rides are not always open (even when weather good) you queue for over an hour for a 30 second ride (no exaggeration). The toilets are disgusting. I am not a moaner but honestly this holiday has been the worst we have ever been on my kids (13 & 6) wanted to go home after 2 days so that must say something.Just arrived at Disneyland Paris. We are a family of 7 with 4 small children. Hotel   fine and friendly. Ventured in to the park to get something to eat. We are in the self service pizza restaurant. We have been standing in a queue for 45 minutes and we are still 10 from the front! They have just 2 tills open out of a total of 10 available. The supervisor Valerie is embarrassed and apologetic but explained that this is the best she can do with the people she has available. I'm not sure whether she means quantity, quality or both. There is zero evidence of management let alone leadership. Whoever is heading up this part of the Disney operation needs either to 1. Be fired or 2. Have a strong word with themself. There are thousands of catering establishments around the world to learn how to serve delicious food quickly and efficiently (for example ski resorts, airports, Eataly). I suggest someone from Disneyland Paris urgently gets themselves on a research mission or recruits an expert. We are now 3 from the front of the queue. I hope the food is better than the service!Do not book at the moment.the park is having a MAJOR refit ready for it's anniversary. Half the rides are closed. No Peter Pan, no Pirate ship no Swiss family Robinson treehouse,no Thunder Mountain, main station station closed, no autopia, no adventure Isle, no Aladin, Rock and Roller coaster Aerosmith, no Rustler roundup shooting gallery, no Star tours,. This was bad enough we paid extra to stay in a disney hotel to get in the Park early.Waste of time. It's a Small World opens at 10. Pirates of the Caribbean opens at 10, Disney Studios ( the whole Park! ) opens at 10..... Absolutely shocking. I also paid half board....which was ok as an adult, but for the kids they had pretty much the same three choices no matter which restaurant they went to.....pasta burger pizza.....this is not very imaginative and it was a rip off. Definitely wait til the anniversary....I felt ripped off. RHaving been to Disney before I was so looking forward to it but once arriving I was to be in for a major shock the ques were terrible 70 mins plus for rides even with ur fast past it's not much better waiting to see charachters with an exc 8 year old to get half way there after waiting 30 mins for them just to walk off and tell u will be bk at 4pm, the rudeness of peo is terr I won't be in a hurry to be bk The lady staff at call center disneyland was very rude and unhelpful. I need some directions and she cant be bothered to help and was very insulting to the customer. Worst customer service I have ever received.Visited on 17th May. Expensive to enter and were not informed half the attractions were closed to the public. Queued for half an hour to be told by young lady that they were closing it. No explanation or apology when asked why ? Having already visited Disneyland, Orlando which was a lovely experience compared to Disney Paris which needs to review prices and not to rip off public who cannot use attractions. Cleanliness and staff attitude needs to be reviewed. Was going to pay for my niece and family to visit Disney Paris but would certainly not consider this establishment for them or myself.More than 15 rides are closed and the park over sells the entry tickets way more than its capacity to handle. No one inside to help or guide you. Huge queue for certain rides having wait time of more than two hours.1 3 of the rides are shut. We complained on our return to get a reply 2 months later telling us we should have checked and they are making improvements for their 25th anniversary   basically we don't care that your daughter was disappointed. Not the Disney spirit at all. Check what is closed before you go   the number of closed rides means the queues are worse than normal and the fast passes are all gone by 11 for the most popular rides. If we'd have been made aware that so much was closed when we booked (directly with them) we would not have goneWe paid full price while 16 !! attractions were closed for renovation. Also restaurants were closed, so it took us 1,5 hours to wait for our food... It was sunny and warm, one would expect all icecream shops would be open, h  las! Waiting hours were sometimes 220 minutes, which is expected when 1 3 of all attractions is closed! Fast pass check in for the same day had to be arranged before 11am, no possibilities to use your fast pass for the next day. To know about the renovated attractions, you have to dig deep on their website. Expensive, crowded and dissapointing, those were the main impressions of all our family.Spent the best part of Saturday at Disneyland and left feeling very disappointed. It seems for every ride, there are at least five restaurants or shops. It's hard not to feel you're walking through a massive money racquet.An awful lot of the attractions were closed for refurbishment, which meant the queues for the remaining ones were ridiculous. A forty minute queue just for the teacups is not fun.After 40 minutes waiting in line for Thunder Mountain, the queue started moving rapidly. We were being shepherded to the exit with a member of staff saying  You all have to leave . We assumed a technical fault was to blame, but staff were not forthcoming with any sort of explanation.We only got to go on four rides all day due to the extreme waiting times and they were largely not worth the wait.Food mediocre and overpriced, but this was expected. The park was annoying to navigate, with little signage and several blocked paths due to refurbishment.Characters were at specific photo points and again, queues were ridiculously long. We couldn't understand why some of the staff standing round chatting to each other couldn't have thrown on another costume and just stayed away from their counterpart to let children and big kids have more of an opportunity to meet and greet.A frustrating day all in all, lacking in any of the Disney Magic we had hoped for. I would recommend Portaventura over Disneyland a thousand times over.We went as part of a group tour so this visit was planned for us. As the title states, many of the attractions were closed for maintenance or remodeling and will be for many months. The ones that were working were overcrowded and prone to breaking down. We got stuck in the haunted mansion for about 20 minutes and Buzz Lightyear was stop and go. Peeling paint and tattered banners. Not the level that one would expect from the Disney name. Too few staff and too many guests. Even though attractions were reduced, the admission prices were not. No reason to go here. If you are going to go, at least do an internet search for the complete list of closed attractions and the schedule of repairs so you will not be too disappointed.Having been many times to the the park, we were looking forward to going for a short break in May. I wish we had not bothered. The park is undergoing a lot of renovations of which they did not inform us many of the attractions were closed. Rocking roller coaster, big thunder mountain, Main Street station, Peter Pan just to name a few. The work has walkways closed from one area of the park to another so you have to walk back the way you came. The wait time was over 90mins on many rides due to the lack of attractions open. The staff were grumpy and not very Disney at all. I will not be returning as I feel it is no longer Disneyland. We returned home to find items purchased in the park store were not in our bags. I contacted them with full details of missing item and receipt details to be told there's nothing they can do. Be warned check your purchases!!I just spent the day at Disneyland Paris with my 2 children, aged 11 and 14. We are from Canada and have been to Disneyland in California three times. We were very excited to have a Disney experience while in Europe. Unfortunately, we were not impressed. We read prior reviews and went on a Wednesday in May to avoid crowds. This paid off as there were almost no queues and we could get right on most rides. Unfortunately, half the restaurants and at least 20% of the rides were closed. It was like a ghost town. The staff were unfriendly and some were actually rude. The place was dirty. Toilet paper dispensers were empty and there was garbage on the floor in some areas. It was like a dirty ghost town   every second place was closed down! I have celiac disease and one of the wonderful things about Disney is that they are very respectful and accommodating of this. I would not recommend that anyone with celiac disease try to eat at Disneyland Paris at all. The restaurants had no food that wasn't battered and deep fried and I couldn't find a salad anywhere. It was awful. We ended up eating at the expensive restaurant next to Pirates of the Caribbean. The food was disgusting   neither of my kids could eat even half of it. I'm certain that it is just frozen food that they microwave and serve. My tasteless dinner was served in a microwaved cardboard package   clearly a pre packaged, inedible meal. We are not fussy eaters   we are happy with most things   but this was by far the worst meal any of us have ever had in our lives. In California Disneyland is an experience. The guest is overwhelmed by the cleanliness and loveliness of the surroundings. You truly feel transported to a magical place. It is amazing. This place in France should not be called Disneyland. It is a disgrace to the name. I understand that many people are happy with Disneyland Paris and I believe that they have likely not been to Disneyland California. If I hadn't experienced the California park, I might have been happy with the Paris one, but it really is a disappointment for those who have been to both. I really don't understand how Disneyland Paris could go so wrong   the Disney brand is being devalued by this place.This park is a huge merchandise operation with some dated rides spotted around. We arrived at 10 am for the park opening and the crowds were already huge. There were times when the crowds were so think we were gridlocked. That meant waiting in line for a minimum of 90 minutes even with fast pass. We were there all day and one child only went on four rides and the other went on six. The lines to the rides were one thing but the lines for the restaurants were equally daunting with up to 30 minutes wait for really bad food. Then there were the lines for the characters which were on a schedule. So my kids didn't get a photo with any because we're always too late for the timings. 25% of the rides were under repair and some of them broke down and had to be closed momentarily. The parades were ok but the park needs refurbishing. Save your money and go to the Disney in Florida.Disney is getting worse and worse. Endless waiting time, tons of closed attractions, unpleasant staff... Nothing might save the day. I definitely will NOT go back to this living infernoWe basically paid 200 euros and wasted 1 of our days in Paris to go to a closed park. The only major attraction open was Space Mountain: Mission 2. Every other major ride was closed for maintenance, even the haunted mansion was closed. We literally walked all the way around the park from closed for maintenance sign to closed for maintenance sign. A complete waste of money, and time.I stayed at Disneyland Paris from 5 4 2016   9 4 2016. I was with a group of 5 adults and 2 children ages 5 & 8 I was aware that certain attractions were closed before we travelled from the information supplied on Disney Paris Website. But when we were there at least half of the attractions were closed including ALL the childrens Play areas, Swiss Family Robinson, Pirate Beach, Adventure Isle, Pocahontis Indian Village, this meant the children had no where to play. This also meant that the rides which were open had longer than normal queues 55   90 mins 30mins for fast pass. We were lucky to get on 3 rides a day. The children were fed up of queing The full list of closures wasn't disclosed before we booked had it been we most definately wouldn't have booked. The food in the parks is very expensive rubbish paid    256 in Cafe Mickey for a cold awful meal, we was given free coffee because it was so bad. I can't believe that this is part of the same Company as Disneyland Florida there is no comparison my advice is don't waste your time and money on this dreadful placeI've been to all the Disneyland theme parks and this is the worst park ever! I had an issue with my friends ticket and I needed it addressed and the supervisor was very rude and even yelled at me telling me that I should've bought the ticket for full price at the gate instead of the cheap one on their website. He didn't care if I would complain, so here I am! His name is William and he wears glasses and is balding. Secondly, this park encourages secondhand smoke because no one did anything to stop the teenagers and adults from smoking in front of the children or on the rides. Thirdly, their restaurant staff are all slow and I've seen them just chitchating in the back with our order in their hands, but they bring it out 5 minutes later. Fourthly, half the park was closed for reconstruction and half the stalls were closed until noon.. I understand the construction but why were half of the stalls closed?Regardless, this is d finitely not a Disneyland I would recommend.I didn't count, but I bet that there are more shops then attractions. In didn't like the atmosphere: so many morose people and whining children.   Very long waiting periods while not even in high season.   Not anxious to go back any time soon.Horrible place, run down. It's like it was built in the 90s and nothing has changed. Apart from there are more hotels and nowhere to sit and eat. No characters about, unless you go to designated areas and queue for an hour. Even then nothing is relevant to today's children. The food is all fast food, no salad, veg or sugar free drinks in sight. I'm a diabetic and found it impossible. The coffee was disgusting apart from the 1 Starbucks on sight. There are no newsagents or even a pharmacy. If your child is ill, tough! The hotels are basic, large windows that open all the way in and children can hang out. Even on first and second floor. The electrics must have been fitted and tested by the chuckle brothers. Worst holiday ever. I sat in the bath and cried every night while the kids slept. Avoid the place, it's a waste of money, hopes and dreams. Do not go and waste your time and money. Over half of the rides were not working. Two broke down when we were on them. The queues were over an hour long on each ride. The fast passes machines were shut down later in the day. A plat du jour was E69. It was a nightmare. Having been to 2 other Disneyland this is a disgrace.I am writing this with a heavy heart having visited this attraction practically every year at Easter for the past 10 years. In fact, we were so disappointed by our experience this time that we probably won't be going back. WHY?With three kids, all under the age of 12, we go there for the rides. However, the following were all closed last week:Practically everything at FRONTIERLAND including:1. Big Thunder Mountain (Fastpass)2. Phantom Manor3. Thunder Mesa Riverboat Landing4. Pocahontas Indian VillageMost of ADVENTURELAND including:5. La Cabane des Robinson6. Pirates' Beach7. Adventure IsleAt FANTASYLAND:8. Peter Pan's Flight (Fastpass)And at DISCOVERYLAND:9. Star Wars (Fastpass)So of the 6 feature attractions (Fastpass), HALF OF THEM WERE CLOSED. And the total (9) equates to about a third of the park!And to compound this, with tickets for access to both parks, the Rock 'n' Roller Coaster (Faspass) at Walt Disney Studios were closed too! They do publish attractions that are closed on their website so CHECK FIRST BEFORE BOOKING YOUR HOLIDAYS! We always go at Easter to avoid the busy summer queues, which we find unbearable. This Easter was unusually quiet   I guess in part due to the closure of so many rides and additionally the recent atrocities in France and Belgium. However, despite this, those who were there were queuing for less rides open, so queues were as long as they usually are.We managed to get on to about 10 rides each in a day. At   270 in entry fees (1 day, 2 parks) for the 5 of us (2 adults, 3 children), that's   27 per ride. Good value for money? Not when you consider that among these 10 were things like the Carrousel and Tea Cups, you might want to consider visiting your local fun fair or UK theme parks. Especially when you add your transport, hotel and food expenses, it presents the prospect of going to Disneyland Paris in a very negative light.We had a VIP Fastpass from a previous visit which they issue to guests that stay in their swanky suites, thinking that we could use it this time. However, they no longer issue or honor these, so it seems that there is very little incentive to spend any money with them on accommodation either. Fortunately, we stayed at a better hotel (and there are plenty nearby) off site for far less!And when I'd asked their representatives at the information centre (City Hall) as to why there were so many closures, they were well rehearsed in objection handling stating text book responses that they are getting ready for the summer and their 25th anniversary, that rides were getting tired and that closures were published on their website etc ... So what about us then? In light of these closures, why were we charged MAGIC rates (which is not the cheapest tariff)? It seems that Disneyland are still hell bent on cashing in on the hard earned cash of working families who can only travel during school holidays! I hope that in writing this long (and perhaps rambling) review that some of you may think twice as to whether you want to visit, and if you do when you plan to visit the theme park.If you still do, a few tips:1. Save yourself some money and stay at at a hotel or serviced apartment off site. You can always prepare a picnic and return back to the car park (where there is a picnic area nearby) for lunch   dinner.2. Plan ahead by checking their website for closures and devise an itinerary accordingly. Otherwise, you'll end up walking around aimlessly and queuing unnecessarily (as we did this time). 3. Get yourself a Fastpass as early as possible to cut down your queuing time later. You can only secure one Fastpass at any one time (this was not the case before) but if you get an early return time, you may be able to get another for a different attraction before they are fully allocated for the day. The newer attractions like Ratatouille are always very popular.4. Make sure you don't miss the Parade (5.30 pm last week) and stick around for the light show   firework display when the park closes (10 pm).We have been to Orlando several times and love the parks there especially the Disney parks.So seeing as we were in Paris for a few days we thought that we would go to Disney land Paris.What a disappointment, we went on Wednesday 6th April 2016 the connection by train from Paris was good but that's where the good bits end until we left.There was no characters walking about, all the staff looked board and unhappy, the lady on the studio tram tour was rude to us then sat there huffing and puffing for the whole ride, there is no sparkle or magic about the place, it looked worn out.There was several rides shut down and this is not on considering how much money it cost to get in, as said in a previous review it was like one big merchandise shop.I don't believe the park should be open or the tickets should be massively reduce to account for the amount of attractions not open.If you have ever been to Orlando like us don't wast your your money here it's nowhere near the same in any way shape or form.I recently spent 4 days at both Disney Parks with 3 children and we also stayed in a Disney Hotel (Davy Crockett Ranch) so I feel justified in writing a review. The experience was quite simply atrocious. I mean absolutely abysmal. I build product teams for a living and if I had been involved in putting out such a sub par product I would be ashamed. Here is a brief list of the problems   1. Rides that were closed Aerosmith roller coaster closed Animagique closed Star Wars ride closed Thunder Mountain closed Big Mesa Waterboat closed Peter Pan Ride closed Pirate Island playground closed Pocahontas playground Future land train station closed Swiss Family Robinson closed Andy RC racer closed Pizza Planet closed Agrabah cafe closed Horse Drawn a arrives closed Main Street train closedFuete Restaurant Closed2. Rides that broke down Disney Juniors broke down 30 seconds before the start...literally 30 seconds with no apology and nearly 100 crying kids who had waited for upwards of an hour Ratatouille ride broke down after 40 minute wait Slinky roller coaster closed early at 4pm Magic carpets fast pass machine out of order Monsters Inc scream o meter out of order Magic Carpet ride   three of the carpets malfunctioned and refused to rise; parents had to complain 80 minute wait for Nemo roller coaster and no fast pass available 3. Issues with meals   eating Restaurant booking system broke down across the park on Tues 5th meaning could not make reservations to use meal tickets Restaurant reservations were only taken in person in the restaurant....genius idea except Davy Crockett ranch is 5 miles from the park... The team time snack for Disney Studios is redeemable in only one restaurant which had counters closed during the peak period of 3 6 with an average 20 minute wait Under 3's eat free...except at Davy Crockett Ranch where under 3's are given Apple pur  e for the duration of the holiday. Saw a customer being refused to trade his baguette for a packet of cornflakes No cornflakes available on third day 4. General criticisms There are more merchandise shops open than rides   that is unacceptable Every restaurant is used a way to sell merchandise which generates awful queues The kids area of Disney Studios (Playland) is 1 3 of the size of the adults area with tight lanes and steps whilst the adults area (Armageddon) is wide boulevards. Who thought that up?! No characters to greet people on entry or exit to the park over any of the four days. Seriously? I mean not one character to greet guests? Walked around both parks for 4 days and we saw two characters   Pluto and Marie from Aristocats. That is simply unacceptable. Summary Without doubt one of the worst experiences of a theme park I have ever had. Basically; 3 children spent four days looking for mockery mouse and the only place they saw him was on the merchandise you ram down customers throats after the rides break down. You should be ashamed.Be sure to get the correct train ticket. Even though I ordered our tickets at a booth (in both ENG and FR) the ticketer sold us the wrong tickets. When we got to Disneyland Paris, not only did we have to buy the correct train ticket, we had to pay a fine.WARNING: Do not buy your tickets online the same day you are going because they will not accept the ticket. They also will not let you exchange the ticket at the gate to a day ticket.Wasn't aware of the online ticket restriction and had to go back to the ticket line to purchase day tickets (over 2hrs wait). Was never able to get a refund so in addition to wasting a lot of time, we were out a couple hundred of dollars.Park is smaller than Disneyland in CA. In addition, there was no notice that about half of the park was under renovation so there was not much to do! Finished the park within 3 4hrs.I reserved a late lunch at Bistrot Chez R  my and the service was atrocious. Food was mediocre. Cute decor though.The whole experience was the worst on our Euro trip. My BF is anti Disney while I'm a big fan so it didn't help my argument. Wouldn't recommend.I visited with 5 other people in February, 2016. I have never been so disappointed in a visit. I have previously been several times to Disneyland Paris when I was younger, so I was quite looking forward to visiting again. How niave I was. It was far, FAR too busy and the ride times (and qualities) reflected this. A two hour wait for a ride on average, many of those rides closed and the quality of the rides was a little bit of a letdown because of this. The fast track system, much like other parks, is an excellent idea. However because of the park being at over capacity, the fast track points were closed by 11.00am as they were all used up. The food was over priced and the park full of people smoking (despite being banned in the park   much like the 'selfie stick' and staff did nothing to rectify those who did). A very disappointing experience, nothing like when I was younger.I would not visit again.Went there today. 11 rides were closed, 4 of which were fast pass rides. What a waste of a lot of money.You have to wait around an hour for an activity less than 5 minutes long and the prices for food are crazy.Just back from 5 days at Eurodisney, firstly I can tell you that 5 days is waaay too long but I was sucked in by their special offer of free days so we went for the 5. We stayed at the Sequoia Lodge hotel, our first room had a flooded carpet from next door's shower so we were 'upgraded' to another room (a Montana) which was exactly the same in every way apart from being in the main hotel as opposed to a separate block. The decor of the rooms is very tired, even my children (10 & 12) both commented that it was horrible. No kettle or tea & coffee making facilities in the the room. The towels provided for the shower were literally as small as hand towels.Being Easter hols I had hoped that more of the rides would have been open but a huge number were closed for refurbishment which was yet another disappointment. Many of the shows we did go to featured an awful lot of filler and about 2 minutes of any interest.What really left a bad taste in my mouth was the ridiculous cost of the restaurants, for the three of us to have anything other than a burger hotdog cheap pizza would have left me at least    100 lighter per meal. One of the restaurants on site was charging    31 for a BURGER! At another I was charged    32 for three rolls and 3 cans of drink. They have a captive audience and by crikey they make the most of it.The cheaper option food that we did have was very ordinary, I don't think we have eaten so much junk food in 5 days as we did last week.Overall it was a truly disappointing experience and not one I plan to ever repeat.What's going on here in the 21st Century with superfast technology? My young grand daughter wants picture with one of the Disney Princesses at the Pavilion in Fantasyland   Simple? No. You turn up and are told you have to come back the following day before 10.00 to get a ticket for a specific time, but what they don't tell you is you have to stand in a queue for almost two hours (in the pouring rain in our case) to end up having to utilise one of four touch screens (one was out of order) to choose one of two times that day. However, doesn't end there, when you turn up at your allotted time they keep you waiting another 1 hour to have a few minutes to have a picture taken with a Disney Princess not of your choice. So in summary, 3 hours of your precious time queuing for a 2 minute photo shoot which they have a cheek of charging you 15 euros for if you want to buy the picture. COME ON DISNEYLAND PARIS, COME INTO THE 21st CENTURY and stop treating your visitors like a herd of cattle!When you first walk through the gates it really looks magical. But when you have just looked at everything that wears off, and you need to be able to do things. Pretty much every single building was a gift shop. The whole park is just one big gift shop. The queue for The pirates of the carribean ride was interesting enough to make the hour wait fly by. This can't be said for the star wars ride or space mountain. The hour or so wait each time was dull. And when we wanted to eat there just was not enough choice. We really wanted to eat in the blue lagoon, but when we stood in reception, two members of staff were serving one person, and after 15 minutes of just being ignored we walked away. Other possible eateries were not easy to find. The choice seemed to be kids burgers, or tea and cake cafes or fine restaurants, but nothing in between. We wanted a bistro style restaurant. We didn't see a single character walking around, like you see in the ad. The only characters we saw were in the parade. That was ok. There needed to be raised areas to stand on to see over the crowd if you didn't get near the front.On the side of the studios late afternoon we queued for almost 2 hours for the Hollywood Tower Hotel, and it was dark and cold and we got really fed up.If the queues are taking 1 and a half to 2 hours each time, then there isn't enough for everyone to do. The rides themselves were really good, and the details in them were really well thought out. When we came out of there we had enough so went back to the centre of Paris.We didn't eat at Disneyland at all. We went back to the centre of paris about 7pm and ate there. I came home and checked the webpage to see if we had missed something, and it just isn't informative enough.I would recommend trying to book a restaurant in advance. Queue jumper tickets do exist, however everyone should be able to use a ride in good time.I think that the park is really relying on the Disney name, and needs to up its game.Just returned from 5 days at the parks. In our opinion this is not a magical, happy and fun place to go with your kids. The Disneyland staff are rude, with afew exceptions . It certainly is nothing like Disney world Florida . If you fancy this type of break is save your money and go to Alton towers resort or something similar! A total waste of   1000 for us. Wish I'd have paid off my council tax bill instead! Terrible place. And as for the Disney hotel ( Cheyenne) grubby is the word I'd use! Don't bother, save your money.My second visit to Disneyland Paris and most certainly my last. The last time I went I though that the very long waiting and queueing times was just because it was in the middle of summer. Well this time it was a cold day in March and still had to queue for an hour for a ride of less than 5 minutes. This place is really not value for money at any stretch of any ones imagination. With 6 of the best attractions closed you may have thought they would make a cheaper entrance price, no chance. Once you are in there you pay absolutely the top rate for everything. The food is mostly junk food but very expensive junk food. The cheapest small bottle of water is over 3.00 Euro. I can only advise if you do go there, take everything with you to eat and drink or it will cost you a fortune. They also encourage a two tier society with their  fast pass  and VIP passes, but all it does is make it obvious to anyone having paid a fortune to go in that it is perfectly okay to dodge the queue, and so those waiting just get to wait a lot longer than normal. Whoever thought this up was not thinking properly or about the person wanting to take a few small kids on as many rides as possible to give them a good day out. No you just end up in different queues for 5 to 6 hours to spend a total of 40 minutes on rides. It is just not worth a tenth of what theye charge to go inCost us nearly 500 euro for 3 kids (11, 10 and 8) and 2 adults, 9 rides in total where under refurbishment between the two parks these included Thunder mountain, Swiss family robinsons treehouse, pirate galleon, Pirates beach, adventure isle, star tours, neptunes submarine, Armageddon and rock and roll coaster. Here's a little hint to Disney......I understand rides need to be refurbished but how about you discount the tickets for how many rides that are undergoing refurbishment. This is the only place in the world I have seen that you pay full price for half the park.. What a joke and to think this cost me $700 Australian dollars entry for 4 hours to complete both parks....Never again!!!!!If you like crowds, enormous queues, miserable people and terrible food then head to Paris, pay 74 Euros per person and fill your boots at Disneyland. It is packed with the stuff. I can only assume the people who rate this place highly are adults who believe the tooth fairy and Santa really do exist and don't mind being taken for a ride (the pun being that you wont be on many rides during the day due to spectacularly long queues). I think you can identify these people quite easily as they are wearing Mickey ears.If, like me, you want reasonable entertainment for you 74 bucks then you will be duly disappointed. Seriously disappointed. Angrily disappointed. Agreed, going over the NY period was a little short sighted but I would have thought a established park would cater for this. No, it was just an opportunity for Disney to pack in as many unsuspecting fools (us) and loony bin escapees (ear clad folk).Some points of note:  Queues for rides: The main rides had queues of around 1 1 2 hours. As we have 3 kids under the age of 8 we cant stand in queues that long. Other, lesser, rides were between 40 mins and an hour, which we contended with but the rides are the mediocre type you can pay 4 quid for when the travelling folk come to your local town.  The rides: The rides themselves are nothing to write home about. Nothing at all like EuropaPark, Alton Towers or parks in the US (non Disney). We liked the hotel elevator ride but that was about all that was unique and worth returning to. Quite a few rides were out for maintenance and 2 rides broke whilst we were queuing or on them (  Fastpass: Total joke. Do not be fooled into thinking this makes you day any easier. For example, we took a FP for a ride at 10am. The time given was 12.30pm. You cant take another FP until after 12.30pm. When we had finished the ride, the FP time for another ride was 5pm. The following day, we took a pass as 10.30am and it was not until 4pm that we could use it. After this, no more passes were available as there was not enough time in the day.  Food: Think of a thoroughly awful burger van that costs 15 quid for a meal then you can set your expectations.  New Years Eve: The parade was nice (if you could see it) but the main park so crowded at midnight you couldn't walk down the main street. It was utterly packed, I haven't seen so many people in such a tight place ever. I was worried for our safety. That plus the hours before midnight looked like the Jungle in Calais with bodies of tired, miserable people waiting for midnight, full of non nutritional carbs and sugar, black ears drooping.DNP is making a loss, it has been since it opened in 1992. The knock on effect is less money spent on the park and a worsening experience for visitors. My family visited in the year it opened and said lots of effort was made to entertain people in the queues, the place was smart and food ok. Forward wind more than 20 years, we were robbed of a New Year, mugged by a slick marketing campaign.I will never visit this place again.The queues for the rides were horrendous and the fast track facilities were either broken or fully issued, by 10:30. The Disney Park staff were exceptionally rude and could not have been less interested in helping us. One member of staff actually laughed in our face, when I asked what we were supposed to do to get onto a ride with a 90 minute queue, in a temp of 4c, with two young children.Very few Disney characters around for the children to interact with. Those characters there were were simply static, where you queued to have a quick photo with them in the cold. Again the queues were very long.My advice is to go to Disney in Florida, where the service is much better and the staff are actually kind and interested, rather than blatantly rude. Florida is far more charming and 'Disney.' The Paris Park should be avoided, if you have young children   it is a dreadful experience.Been to Eurodisney twice before this was our third time....and our last. Has really gone down hill, looking shabby. The worst thing is its half term holidays. So many attractions closed for Maintenance, I understand that they need servicing, however all at the same time! Felt really ripped off, only one ride open in Frontier Land. 2 big rides closed in Adventure Land. Peter Pan ride closed. Very expensive trip. Save your money for America instead.Walking in with a typical Disney greeting and enjoying the buzz that goes with it, as with any school journey to find the joy balloon to be well and truly deflated as the reality was substantial amounts of rides were shut which is shocking as we had saved for so long for his school journey. There was scaffolds erected all around the park, his main thing that he went there for skull rock was closed, tower of terror closed for technical reasons after a 45mins wait, a lot of the park was shut including adventure land and frontier land again was some of the most eagerly awaited attractions. With the poor food and service in the hotel and restaurant, finding out that a substantial amount of the park was shut was a final tip of the Ice burg for a school journey which we saved up a year for and which cost over   300 I total, The worst thing is that I was looking at taking my entire family again in the summer but I am now really forced to think twice especially with the issues in Calais, I just wonder is it worth a total gamble?We are Americans living in Paris for 2 years and decided to buy season passes to Disney spending 450 euro for a family of four. The second time we tried to use the passes we were DENIED entry to the park because we had not exchanged our online tickets for cards on our first visit (something that no one informed us about on our first visit). So despite having a receipt and proof of payment and after waiting in line for over an hour and talking to 3 different people we were told that we could not be let in until we mailed in our e tickets and copies of our IDs and waited to receive our cards in the mail. My children were of course crushed that they could not go to Disney and I felt like a fool for paying so much for season passes for a sub par  Disney  park with terrible service. If you are visiting Paris with children there are far better options at the free or nearly free public parks around the city. Don't waste your money!Expensive rat race, hardly any rides were open, park looked disgusting with building works everywhere. Queues were 2 hours long. Food was crap and expensive. Sheep shepherding tactics very impressive though. Baaahhh! Save your money and go elsewhere for a company that needs help, rather than this greedy corporation. My two children and I were really looking forward to going here. I knew it would be busy but didn't expect it to be as bad as it was. Queues had ridiculous and under predicted wait times. There was no signs prior to say that half the rides the smaller children could go on would be closed. Rides kept frequently breaking down which obviously delayed people longer.The queues to meet the characters were also ridiculously long. The children got bored very quickly as there seemed endless amounts of queues. As with other reviews all the shops were open but the cafes and restaurants were mainly closed. The ones which were open took at least 30 mins in the queue. If you had the tea time treats voucher it took a min of 30 mins each day at different outlets to be served (although some named on the voucher were closed). The parade and firework display were great but if you're new to this you have no idea where to stand or that young children can't see anything due to being stood up. The firework display was projected on the castle and my young children couldn't see anything. Not somewhere I'd hurry back to if at all. A good amount of the rides closed for renovation, why close so many rides at the same time ? The rides that were open kept breaking down, I.e. Back stage tour fire display not working, crushes coaster (no fast tract on this ride) tower of terror not in use at 10.30 when we visited, most of the food outlets closed , those that were open only half the tills open. No reduction in ticket costs (euro 90) to reflect this, my wallet feels like it has been well and truly raped and pillaged.Let me start by saying that we love Disney and have visited the parks in Paris and Florida a total of six times. However it is our opinion that the system changes introduced since our first visit 16yrs ago would appear to be designed to ensure that disabled guests, especially those with motobility problems queue aslong as, if not longer than everyone else! In addition 'parent swaps' now have to wait outside attractions, effectively separating families, in our experience for upto an hour per ride! Without going into too much detail my Sons disabilities are obvious and are mental aswell as physical and yet he was left for over an hour in ratatouille, with his Dad, whilst others went on before him because no one could be bothered to explain that the wheelchair car had broken down! As with other rides my husband would've just lifted him on if this had been explained. On the small world ride we could've just gone into the main queue as there was no wait time but in the disabled queue we were told, quite rudely, that we'd have to come back. We weren't allowed on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at all! The cast member cited H& S reasons, it was busy but then promptly allowed a group of 4, 20 something couples on, no obvious signs of disability and all mobile, (don't want to get into an issue regards hidden disabilities, it's just an observation). A British family followed with a green card but no mobility issues and were promptly allowed to ride too, they'd no prescheduled time booked either. Imagine trying to explain to an excited 21yr old, with both mental and physical there to celebrate his birthday that even though we are inside the attraction he wasn't allowed on. Did I mention that one of the 20 something's, incited by the cast member informing them I wasn't happy they were taking my sons place on the ride, spat at me? No? What an experience at 'Where dreams are made'!Have to say, in balance, that certain cast members used common sense and especially on the Tower of Terror, Indian Jones and Rockin roller coaster it was a pleasarable experience but not enough to balance the scale considering our reasons for being there.We stayed in Davy Crocket ranch and the cabins and pool were nice and we found the standard half board good value for money especially during half term.I'm not sure whether this will make any difference and I called into City Hall on our way out to make a firmly complaint but nevertheless it is worth warning others that bring given a 'green card' doesn't always mean that the vulnerable and needy will be offered the treatment they deserve. Whilst I appreciate there are some who do try to manipulate the system to avoid lengthy queues the prior application for an access card should be thorough enough to weed those out.This was not a place where dreams come true.  How being in a queue for 45 minutes with young children equates to happy time?  Yes there is the fast queue tickets you can buy, but regardless there must be a better way to manage those...MoreAs a lover of all things Disney, and someone who has frequented both Disney parks in America multiple times I was really excited about visiting Disneyland Paris. Disney is known for creating a magical experience, a place to escape reality, but this was not the case.The staff were rude, I never saw them smile, and when we'd ask them a question it was as if we were inconveniencing them. Guests were smoking everywhere, not just in designated areas, the gift stores were a joke. The only Mickey ears I saw were the light up ones, there were not many food options and there was no wifi in the park either.I did not feel like I was in a Disney park, I felt like I was at a low budget theme park.I will not return to Disneyland Paris as I was beyond disappointed with the overall atmosphere and experience.Someone needs to go in there and train their staff the Disney way or shut the park down before it taints the Disney name even more.On arriving at the Disney 4 star New York hotel at 11.30am we were told we couldnt book in till 3pm ( travel agent hadnt told us this ) we have a 2 yr old and an 8 year old with autism. We had been...MoreOh dear, where do I start ?Stayed at Hotel New York for 3 nights between Xmas and New Year and found the hotel ok   our room was on the ground floor facing the ice rink and although there was music played for the skaters to skate too, we could hardly hear it from our room. The room itself was tatty with wallpaper peeling away everywhere and with a few areas of graffiti which seemed to be the work of an over excited child   the bathroom was again ok, but the sealant around the bath seemed to be mouldy, the grout in need a good scrub and the wallpaper needing replacing. We only had one evening meal, in the Parkside restaurant, which was a disappointing all you can eat buffet   the only half decent component was the lamb   the 'beef' meatballs did not taste like beef and there were too many fish dishes. The only hot vegetables were french beans and small potatoes ! At 32 euros for an adult and 17 for a child, this seemed expensive but then that's typical throughout Disney Parks . . . oh and 5 euros for a can of coke   fanta is ridiculously overpriced (the adult meals do not include drinks !)Onto the parks . . . the days we visited it seemed the 'extra magic hours' were pointless   Space Mountain didn't open until 9, Big Thunder Mountain was shut so there was little value in the extra hour whatsoever ! MGM Studios faired even worse   we spent 1.5 hours queuing for Crush's coaster to then be told that there was a fault on the ride . . . off we trudged to the Studio Tour where we waited for 60 minutes to be told that there was a fault with the main attraction and therefore the ride had to close. To experience one disappointment after waiting for so long is bad, but to experience 2 is unacceptable, especially when you have 2 young children who have waited patiently   it's these little people who remember most, and we left the park at 11am as crowds were ridiculously busy and ride wait times were a minimum of 100 minutes . . . so, having spent the best part of 350 Euros for the days tickets, all we had was 2.5 hours of waiting in queues to show for it   not great value for money !!!!We left Paris vowing to never return and the children left deeply disappointed and upset that they could not enjoy what should have been a fun vacation   their lasting memory will be that they could never achieve the fun which they had set out to experience . . . as adults, our lasting memory will be that brand Disney is falling way short of the expectations it should be setting itself, and we saw a side which is glaringly apparent that the company is reaping huge amounts of profits, on overpriced goods without the necessary re investment.We will NEVER returnI always wanted to go to Disneyland until I actually got there. It is expensive and all you do is cue up for hours to get on anything. It was terrible. They let to many people in and need to stop at some point. They need a system. It caused much grief and wish we didn't go. I hated it. Walt Disney is getting a little greedy! Take my word if you hate waiting an hour for a 3 minute ride!! Don't go!Our family had the unfortunate experience of being in Paris on the weekend of 13th   16th November during the tragic terrorist attacks.We purchased 3 day tickets for Disneyland Paris, we used these on 13 11 but obviously were unable to use these on the Saturday and Sunday as the parks were understandably closed. In the wider scheme of things our weekend being different than expected was not an issue, however I am very disappointed in Disney who are refusing to refund on the unused tickets stating that it is not within the terms and conditions. We have been to Disney parks on many occasions but a global organisation with children at it's centre aiming to profit from tragedy is disgusting and as such we will never return.Being a huge disney fan and dreaming of going to disneyland paris since I was little myself and husband decided to treat our 3 children and go for 4 days,,,biggest mistake and a complete waste of money. There was nothing magical about the place,,,grumpy french...MoreI had purchased 4 tickets online for my family the morning before heading out to the park paying 181 euros for the tickets. When We got there we were refused entry as in the fine print it said that the tickets were only valid as of the day after purchase. We went to customer service and were told that there was no way that they would accept the tickets that day but we could write to the online customer service and they would refund us.They made no mention of any condition to this refund. We decided not to buy tickets at the gate as it would have cost us nearly 300 euros over and above the 181 already spend and the joyous mood had been killed by the bad news.It also ruined my son's birthday which was the occasion for our visit.I wrote them the same day. No response until 10 days later when they asked me for proof of purchase which i provided. I didn t hear anything to my reply nor my 4 follow up emails until 3 weeks later where they asked me to provide them with proof of purchase of gate tickets as well before they consider  a financial gesture . I answered that email and nearly 2 weeks later I have no refund nor any response.We are disgusted that we have been ripped off, they ignore our messages and that they have not kept their word to refund us.Extremely overpriced. Many rides closed due to long over due refurbishment. It was November 11 and xmas music was playing. Qould rather have had dianey stuff for the atmosphere. Where was mickey mouse? Saw him in the parade but hardly saw any other haracters walking around. Staff has a couldnt care leas attitude. Went to the states disney there was good. DONT bother with this, not good value for money.This is the most appalling place! Everywhere you go is heaving   you have to queue for absolutely everything. Anything to eat or drink costs a fortune. You are pushed and jostled and herded around like animals. Te parades are lovely though if you can see and don't get pushed out of the way. It is positively awful, terrible value for money and everywhere you go you feel you are being ripped off   whether that is in the shops, at the kiosks, booking extra shows, queuing endlessly for rides or eating   drinking in the restaurants. First, let me say the staff are wonderful, the ride operators smiling and engaging, the parades professionally done, it is kept free of litter and the food obviously delivered and prepared with as much care as they can (must be awful for French people to have to serve such rubbish).But honestly, the rides are a joke. You get better rides on Great Yarmouth seafront and without having to queue for an hour. The whole park is a little shabby, it is intensley overcrowded. We have been saving our Eurodisney trip for a time when our children could remember it well as it is such an expensive day out, but we would have been better staying in England and going to the seafront.I was well planned, I'd checked all the  rides  and picked out the ones that suited our family, I even researched the  restaurants  so I knew where the options were to eat. Everyone warns about the queues so I didn't want to waste time wondering where to eat or which ride to go on next. On the website there are beautiful, prettily lit pictures talking about Bavarian and African themed restaurants. What they don't tell you is that they are basically just McDonalds Fast food joints with a kebab for the African theme, or a pretzel for the Bavarian. I can see why they do it with such an excessive amount of people coming through the doors, it is probably the best quickest way to serve food, but it is grossly over advertised. My children were so excited to eat in a Lion King inspired restaurant and were disappointed that they were basically in a McDonalds painted in sand colours with a couple of pictures of Pumba and Timon.Similar story with the rides. On the website they talk about a magical ride, an exciting adventure. The best ones were the things you could wander through, like the Sleeping Beauty castle or the Alladdin's cave. But really paying that price so you can wander through a couple of rooms with pictures of the films on them?And waiting over half an hour for a very substandard ghost train (Snow white and the seven dwarves) or a little cart that takes you through scenes from Pinocchio (if you've been to Cadbury World, it isn't as good as the chocobean ride which is silly and cheesy, but a bit of fun, no queue and you get chocolate at the end!) There is a great cart ride in Blackpool Pleasure Beach and you don't have to save up for months to go on it.Getting there was also a hassle, we bought a Eurostar ticket, confidently proclaiming quick and easy access to the park. We (and many more families) were given a ticket with a changeover in Lille of 30 minutes, we were given the option of choosing our seat numbers, which we did, only to find when we finally got to the station because we'd changed the seats we weren't able to go through and someone else had been given our seat s and we were issued with other (separating both me and my husband from our two children   luckily a woman swapped seats with me so I could be near the girls, but she didn't have to). There were a number of families who were rushed and hassled, and though we all got onto the train intact, it was not a great way to end the trip, and as a lasting impression of the day a very sad end for the children.Well done to the hardworking sad, shame on you those grabbing the money hand over fist for such a substandard attraction.Don't bother with Paris save your money and go to Florida Paris park doesn't even come close very few rides very few characters parade and shows are short. Food in park is over priced and awful not even edible! Wouldn't recommend big big let down. Shops all stock the same lots of shops but nothing different in them rides all in French can't understand don't translate poorDisney afficiadios   worse Disney in the world by far. Shabby and grotty. Most Staff indifferent and poorly kitted out, some tried to bring the Disney Magic but they were fighting a battle. Food choice poor. Disney 'stuff' choice poor. I was prepared to spend serious cash but they didn't seem to want my money. Lots of rides and attractions closed. Most other rides (even cinderellas castle) were shut while we were in line due to 'technical difficulties)   my son was quite happy on buzz because we were stopped for so long he maxed out. Another ride had us waiting for over a hour before the line was dispersed with fast passes. It has been our mission for the past 10 years to visit ever Disney and I am so glad this was the last one because I would never have gone to another. Disney needs to throw some serious cash at his place. Spruce it up. And Disney really need to spend considerable effort in staff training. Truly un magical experience Euro disney was a bitter disappointment. Food was incredibly expensive, horrifically so   and utter crap....it was near impossible to find anything decent to eat or drink for that matter. A number of the rides weren't even working. It was tired and needs updating with the times. Our ten year old daughter, was pleased to go back to our hotel after a very disappointing day. Don't bother and spend your money elsewhere!We visited 28th September. Many of the family toddler rides were closed for  refurbishment for your future enjoyment  despite not being on the calender when I originally booked tickets towards the beginning of September. (I wouldn't have gone had I known beforehand) Those that were still available mysteriously had technical issues that resulted in their being unavailable. For the whole day we managed on three rides   we paid a small fortune for 7 adults and 1 child, at least the baby got in free. The parade started very late. There was no information available to tell us what was on later that evening. In the end, we felt forced out of the park just after 6.30pm since it seemed the only thing to do was go into a restaurant. Totally unimpressed at the whole thing   Mickey Mouse management at a Mickey Mouse establishment. Disney should be ashamed of themselves.Where to start? Why is Disney allowing this dreadful park to ruin it's great name? We, as a family of four, stayed on site to benefit from the extra hours. First mistake. The Cheyenne is dreadful. Awful breakfast, no in room Wifi (unless you pay 15 Euro per night) and a cleaning lady who repeatedly bashed at the door and yelled to me when she couldn't get into my room to clean it (I was sick, and had latched and locked the door). That would have been great if we had a sleeping baby How much does it cost to provide a 'do not disturb' sign???The parks are supposedly no smoking, except for designated smoking areas. if only, and I smoke! People were smoking EVERWHERE, next to kids, even whilst talking to Disney staff, yet nothing was done. Ditto selfie sticks. There are signs stating that they are banned in the parks, yet people were routinely allowed in by Disney staff with them.The waiting times were ridiculous, with the staff seeming to have no idea how to move people quickly through rides. Nowhere was this more evident than on the Autopia ride. The queues were huge due to the ineptitude of the staff to organise people in and out of cars efficiently.The extra hours if you stay on site, are in the morning, between 8 and 10. Stupid idea. Firstly it means that kids have to get up early for breakfast, then to go to the park. After a hectic day prior, they are already exhausted. To exacerbate matters, the extra hours only apply to one park, and most of the rides remain closed until 10!!!! What the? They would be much better off adopting the US model where the extra hours apply in various parks, and in the evening.Food prices. Oh my. We had been warned, but were still shocked. To make it worse, there is a private shop at the train station where you can buy various food items. Their smoothie costs the same as water in the parks. Their muffins, at 2.3 euros compare well with Disney's smaller ones at 4.99 euros. 30 euros for a steak sandwich??? 9 Euros for a milkshake? Who are they kidding? These are not Michelin star restaurants!Does the fact that no one can move in McDonalds at park closing time not tell them anything? Interestingly, we walked past Pomme de Pain on the Champs Elysees, prime real estate, and even THEY were cheaper than Disney.Too many rides were breaking down (Buzz Lightyear stopped 3 or 4 times per ride).This place needs a complete overhaul, from management down.We have been to Disneyworld several times. We remember the Magic. At Disneyland Paris, we remember the queues, the high prices, the smoke, the breakdowns etc etc etcIf you are thinking of going there, DON'T. Pay the extra, go to the US, and experience the real magic.Very poor overall, not a nice place to go,the French make no attempt to share buy having narration in other languages. Very poor welcome from any of the staff except two which where very helpful.the place was not kept clean and very expensive food. I have been to Disney land in America which I would love to go back to. Having been not informed about using the tickets within six months and having to purchase them again so even more money for a very poor visit,I will not be going back.Had to queue for everything! And if you don't stay in one of the disney hotels and make use of your 'extra magic hours' in the morning then you don't stand a chance for getting things like photos with Mickey and Minnie together, Donald Duck or get one of the 'all exclusive' queue for hours golden ticket to see a random disney princess   or should i say get allocated a time slot to then queue again to see a random disney princess! Don't expect to get anywhere near a frozen character though because these are gold dust that Disney are milking every penny for!Characters don't walk around the park   they stand somewhere for you to queue to meet them. Oh and when there time is up they just walk away even if they are in the middle of photos with you or signing autograph books! Our children were devastated to have characters walk off before signing their autograph books   HOW RUDE!Several broken down rides and works being carried out on the park that weren't told about until after booking.Do not buy cancelation insurance from Mondial Assistance! There are several conditions that only show up on the contract that you receive AFTER you pay and most of them exclude them from refunding you! Unless of course, you die! They might even ask for a letter from your boss! I am not kidding. If you need it, be prepared for a headache! It is a shame Disney sell this crap!For this money what you give for Disneyland you can go in Germany and visit three parks and make your children great happiness!!! Das is very very bad, stuff don't want to speak english you can only understand if you speak French, everything is very expensive, we buy a ticket for only one park, because we knew that that we cannot visit to parks with our children 6 and 9 years old in one day, they was very disappointed!!! For every attraction they have to wait more than one hour, they was very nervous, everything else is nice only for eyes and that's it!!! For picture with Mickey Mouse we have to wait almost two hours, that was crazy, but what is Disneyland visit without picture with Mickey Mouse?! With so many people they have to make 10 Mickey Mouse places not only one, and also with other characters they have to walk through the park that every child have a chance to make picture with them, because this is crazy you can go there and do nothing just waiting... or in every corner go to the shop and children crying for this or that we're also everything so expensive is, very very disappointing!!! I suggest people not to go there, to save money and nerves because that's really nothing!!!!!!!The only positive thing about Disneyland ist feuerwerk at 11 o'clock!!!I visited Disneyland Paris with my husband and two kids and have to say it did not meet any of my expectations. To describe it shortly, it is huge and ridiculously expensive shopping village with some rides for the kids. We saw only one character (Goofy) walking on the street and he was running away from people who wanted to take photos with him. The queues for the rides were very long and the fast pass system very unclear. My kids don't complain, they got to wave to Queen Elsa and Princess Anna and that pretty much made their day. But I expected that we could at least see some of the characters up close to have a real Disney feeling but that was not the case. This place is expensive and over rated.Even knowing that was not good, because my nephew wanted to visit the park I decided to visit this vacations and have fun with him. Incredible that an amusement park , specially for kids, allow people to smoke while waiting in line to enter the attractions. Long lines, lot of time waiting as usual, and the staff saw them smoking but never approach even to say you are disturbing the other visitors.Visted here with family..place needs an overhaul....I thought it was grubby and so so expensive.queues on days we were there (25th and 26th august) were 3 hours!How on earth do they justify that?!its just ridiculous .would never revisit think its too expensive.not clean enough.and the staff just seemed plain tired..much like this Theme parkLong queues, the park accepted much more people than it was reasonable to the number of attractions. I have been in Tokyo, Anaheim, and Orlando, and unfortunately in Paris. First, you don`t get the Disney Experience where everything is painted, clean, and glittering. Seriously, or they invest or this is the end.Second, I speak french, but it is ridiculous that attractions speak this language, when 90% of the people are english speakers at an adequate level. Finally, they should try to change the employees attitude or you believe you are in a demonstration in Paris.P.D.Toilets are dreadfulBooked a holiday to Disney months in advance paying for all the little extras so was really expecting a wonderful family holiday! Good points   fireworks 11pm however too late for children who were literally falling asleep on their feet. We stayed up as we were desperate to see some Disney Magic.Wild West show really good however rubbish food inedible and I can normally eat anything. Cars stunt show fantastic.Bad points   queues for everything average waiting times 60minutes. In four days 7 of the rides had technical faults and were closed with no advice for reopening or fast pass tickets even when queuing for 90minutes. Not many rides open from 8am so still long waits for rides. Only saw 1 character walking around. Booked breakfast with characters, kids really disappointed as only saw two characters. Last day had breakfast with characters and in seven hours kids only got on two rides. Queues were either too long or suspiciously rides got closed due to(technical hitch extreme weather   on gorgeous sunny day) often close to lunch time. The list could go on and on sadly. This place is crammed with visitors with nothing to do except visit gift shops which are everywhere and they are the only place you won't find a queue. WHAT A RIP OFF!I really felt bad for our kids since we have spent more time in waiting than playing , the queue for each game was more than 1 hour so we got tired easily and discovered the day was over without enjoying as much as we wanted . it will not make any difference if you come early or late to Disney since you will maximum play 3 games anyway for being tired from the long waiting .we just took it as a onetime experience and for sure we will not come back . don   t stay late before the closing as the train can get full and for sure you are tired and have to wait for another queue to go back home .We have now been here almost 4 hours and managed to get on 1 ride (tram tours) which didn't work properly. Waited for the toy soldier ride for an hour and then was told it's not working. Waited for 30 minutes for a restaurant to be told it's full. Went to another ride and told it's not working. Will be complaining to Disney.   266 wasted. Disorganised, staff unfriendly. After visiting Disney in Florida, Disney Paris has a lot to learn! Crap!! What a shambles! It's a sorry state of affairs when in 2015, you can travel to one of the biggest, well known theme parks in the world and be offered a choice of just 3 small frozen, microwaveable meals not fit for human consumption! I wouldn't feed them to my dog! I read up on Eurodisney before travelling and made enquiries into gluten and wheat free dining and was rest assured it would be ok and choices were available throughout the park! This was not the case and at    10 per prepackaged, microwaved crap i refused to pay and subsequently starved for my entire trip surviving on crisps and bananas, given to me by friends! Please take food with you and don't expect to eat whilst your there! I think I've lost a stone! Not a happy traveller! Avoid like the plague. To long of queues for to short of a ride. Food rip off and terrible, cold drinks ran out on quiet day. No Disney characters out and about have to q for Mickey and others. Was total nightmare and other parents felt same   we DID NOT feel the magic.Visited both parks on the same day (Wed in August) queues at both parks for bag checks, food and rides were awful. The Disneyland Park less so however, this park is clearly operating beyond reasonable capacity as even spending nearly 12 hours here it would be impossible to do all rides. Disney Dreams excused some of the hellish waiting during the day but afterwards a technical problem left trains off, no Disney support staff and children sleeping on pavements awaiting transport back to Paris with no communication or organisation. Been before when not so busy and was much more enjoyable. Spent most of our time in queues for rides. Some rides stopped as there was rain, even train around park. Understandable for health and safety but no recourse if you had paid for ticket. No staff to say hello we'll be back. Two hour queues for rides, ice cream etc closed as well. Staff very hard to locate to ask what rides were working. Didn't see a Mickey, Minnie. Goofy, Donald etc the entire day, we were there from 10.30am to 11.30pm. Never again. Waste of money.So me and my family were looking forward to our trip but what a disappointment. First of all, 15 euros to park your car. Then you are not allowed to bring your own food in, so we ate our sandwiches outside the venue. Thank goodness we did as the price for food and drink inside were so high.The younger kids waited 1.5 hours in the queue to get on their first ride which was the dumbo ride. I walked around with the older kids for over an hour before we could find a ride that we could get on, very frustrating. Queues were huge, average of 85 min wait I feel is unacceptable!! and at 3pm they closed down all the fast pass access for the day.The rides are quite short. You queue for ages and then you're on the ride for like 2 mins and then you're off.The parade was good although you did not see characters walking around much, only saw one princess. There was a 45 min wait to see mickey mouse, so we decided to come back later and then it closed.The gift shops are ridiculously expensive. All in all for the day the kids went on about 5 rides from 3pm to 10pm. Given that we paid   45 per person this is really poor.Very disappointing and will be saving up to go to the one in florida which I hear is much better.Half of the attractions out of order; lines lasting hours, thousands people chewing garbage food and shooting selfies, everything unreasonably expensive. There are millions of better ways to spend hundreds of Euros in Paris.We booked last minute to go to Disney,having been to Florida,some 6 years ago with our older 3 children,we  thought ,this park would be of similar : magic characters super staff great food and drink etc etc.My husband and I took our 5 children,aged range 4 19 years.We were wrong,we have a daughter with autism (12) and our eldest daughter (19) was in a plaster cast,the airline were super about it,no complaints there.However Disney were not as helpful,after spending half an hour in city hall,with paperwork,we were issued,with disabled passes.Having been to Florida,where you go through the disabled barrier hold up your card and away you go.Not the same here : first you have to wait until a member of staff lets you through the first barrier,then you are questioned about your pass,then when you get on the ride you are questioned again (to make the rudeness worse,they speak in french and look you up and down ) its really rude and very annoying,as I had already sorted out this  pass .It nothing like that in Florida,they are so kind and caring towards special needs children,high fiving etc.Not in Paris !The toilets are not fit for humans to use.....there is no HOT WATER on the parks...whats all that about ? the floors need a wash with bleach,the smell is disguising and there is paper all over the floor,in all the toilets on both parks.Sort it out !!Smoking....again whats that all about,it is a no smoking park (except certain areas) but nobody challenges this,every where people were smoking over our children.I complained to several members of staff,who shrugged their shoulders and didn't want to know.There are no characters walking about at all,like in Florida,the princess thing is a joke,queuing to get a ticket to come back 8 hours later,to see any princess,a complete con and really rubbish.The  extra hours  are pants too,there not extra as nothing  big  is open,what a waste ! !This is nothing like Florida,its very expensive,very rude staff,lack of complete understanding of children with special needs.Save your money and go to Florida where the really magic is.I We won't be returning and I wouldn't recommend it to any body.We have just returned from spending two days at Disneyland Paris, what a waste of money. It was Disneyland but delivered French style   Many rides not working, in fact one of the rollercoasters stopped working while we were on it and we had to get off and leave. Rude and abrupt staff that in some instances didn't have a clue as to what was happening, rather worrying considering the equipment they are operating. The parc itself is tiny, we had a 2 day 2 parc pass and we easily covered both parcs in that time. The toilets were filthy. The food was low class, and you are not allowed to bring your own food in, as someone who doesn't eat wheat my only choice for the 2 days was a cheese or chicken salad. If you are a full blown Coeliac you are stuffed, if you pardon the expression. Don't waste your money, save up and visit the American parcs, so much betterOnly seen 4 disney character wandering around the whole day we were there. You can't get anywhere near them because of the crowds. There is no one around to answer any questions you have. The parade got cancelled because of rain that actually cleared up 5 minutes after the starting time, we waited all day for it. Loads of people were disappointed. Surely the parade could be done undercover, millions visit the place every week, how much revenue is that??Staff don't give a monkeys and have bad attitudes. Its mass manipulation and your the subject of their greed. Could I get my money back for not seeing the parade ?(the main part of your visit) No one to tell there and as I say they don't care that you leave disappointed with the kids crying. Overall the biggest single waste of my hard earned money. Go to Drayton Manor its far better.im not going to ramble but this is what you will receive when vicissitude this parkVery expensive ticketsFast pass rubbish, still long queuesCrap serviceCrap foodCrap rides ( very old and lots not even working or technical fault)Rude staffRude customers who queue jump and don't understand personal spaceUpset kids (prob your as its so bad)No characters walking around2 hour wait to see Mickey for about 47 secondsLots and lots and lots of opportunity to spend money on Disney merchandise (think joe this is why it's open)No shadeNo seatsPeople smoking!! Are you getting my drift. Avoid avoid avoid... Oh wait the main thing I forgot! They treat disabled visitors with utter contempt. No help, no fast pass or queue jump, some rides only allowed to sit in a particular carriage (that's the same as others?) which makes wait even longer. Seriously people lets not fall for this terrible place any more as it just disappoints on so many levels. Close this joke Wow been going to Disney since a was a young boy in Florida. Now I'm fifty met my sister in Paris and went to Disney. What andante people were rude, not helpful,and to top it off at the end of the day, me and my sister were verbally attacked and embarrassed.And what makes it if woarse, is the complaint department has messes us about for weeks.To Paris disney , go to the Disney Florida to learn how to deal with people.The experince was so bad that we hired a lawyer to legally go after Disney Paris.Save your money don't go!!!!!!!!!!!As a fan of theme parks, i thought it was a shame that I had never visited Disneyland in France! So, i went there really excited! My excitement went off the very first moment! While entering, we were informed that 2 ( the most popular 2 ) attractions were closed down   although we paid for those two as well and there was notice on the official web site from which we purchased the tickets and of course no one bothered to inform us via e mail. Then, it was the expensive awful food, the small number of things to do, the lack of Mickey Mouse (!), the enormous ques to wait and finally the worst of all : Suddenly a wagon ( metallic such as trams ) went by which was full of people ( ! ) and a poor white horse was desperately trying to pull it!!! You could see its agony!!! It ruined my day and SHAME ON DISNEYLAND FOR SUCH MISTREATMENT OF ANIMALS in the year 2015!A total waste of money not enough rides for the amount of people visiting that goe`s for kids & adult rides the wait to get on a ride was well over an hour, to many merchandise outlets & restaurants,no disney characters walking round there were two main points that pleased the kids Elsa & friend drove round in a carriage & then the grand parade both had more security than Barack Obama!!!Being from Canada I'm not use to so many different cultures (Middle eastern) individuals trying to skip ahead of you in line.During the 4 days of our visit:I almost fought someone who wouldn't get the hint that you're suppose to wait in a line and you can't skip people.Witnessed a woman try to skip the whole line which was a 60 minute wait and she didn't give a crap, I blocked her off and she yelled at me but everyone thanked me for stopping her and I also let the people she passed to go ahead of me while I blocked her. Not sure where she's from but she was nuts.Everyone will step on your toes in the lineups and not give you a personal bubble. Be prepared to tell the inviduals behind you to stop breathing on your neck from being so close or to stop physically touching you. The best is when one individual will hold the queue for like 8 family members and when you're about to embark the ride you now have 8 extra people in front of you and you're now waiting an extra couple of minutes.I can't wait to go back home where people know how to behaveIn fact we were frustrated by the theme park due to the long queues waiting on each attraction and most of the attractions were not of interest to my kids. It is waste of time and money.I m sorry to write this terrible review. But I m done with Disneyland. Told my kids the next time they come to Disney, they ll be old enough to bring them self lolOk I bought our tickets on the Internet. And payed 3.00     to send to address. First thing I notice there was no date on the ticket. Just it's valid for 1 year. Ok that sound good I thought. We had planed to go on my daughter birthday 28th. We arrived and they said the tickets wasn't Valid , go to the ticket office. Ok already wired that I have to go do ticket boot when the whole thing about buying tickets on line is not to do that right? Here comes the interesting part :) apparently my tickets is valid only September and it's called mini some kind of special offer that I didn't asked for. And that I had to pay extra fee if I wanted to enter on that day! On my bill there is no where it's written that it's for September or it's a special mini tickets. Nothing at all! There is nobody you can talk to. She said I should go on the website to complain or ask for refund.anyway I end up paying the full amount. It was my daughter birthday. No need to book on line in the first place. 400    I payed and we did 8 attractions. 1 hour waiting time! Why in the world would anyone want to go through that!tired kids , tired parents just less then a minute ride. ??So please be carful when you book on line. And good luck We arrived. We weren't given a map or a programme of events. Trying to get either once you are in the park is tricky. We managed the map, not the programme of events. I queued with two of my children for an hour to go on some Dumbo elephants for all of two minutes. Then we went to Pirates of The Caribbean which had a technical fault whilst we were queuing underground with 300 people in front of us and 300 people behind us with seemingly no way out, claustrophobia kicked in & my partner had to calm me down. We then managed to go on one ride which felt like Disney for a moment (Peter Pan) before trekking the other side of the park to a ride that was shut due to another technical fault. At this point our oldest child and my partner went off to a ride that was for people 1m 40 or taller, so I took my two to queue for 50 minutes to meet Mickey Mouse for 1 minute. I thought Mickey and mates were just supposed to walk around the park creating Disney Magic??? By this time if was 7pm. We'd been at the park 8 hrs. So we left and went to Macdonalds. Don't believe the hype people!!! Disney does not make dreams come true!!!!The End.Actually that's not quite the end. I went to Carrefour and bought a few bottles of Proven  al vin rose.The End.The queue in the rides are way too long and the organisation is not good, I mean I have been to europa park and we never had to wait more than 20 minutesSuch a shame but we had a dreadful experience.We visited pre school holiday hoping the queues would be better. They were not. Most rides had a minimum wait of 60 mins. Despite asking to buy FastTrack tickets at severale places and asking many different people, nobody at either the park or Disneyland Hotel would tell us where we could get them. Not one person would help us. The hotel is truly dreadful. We stayed at the hotel in part due to the 'magic hours' the two extra hours you are supposed to enjoy at the park, but it's a con; what they don't explain clearly is that only a few rides are open so there are still huge queues and the most popular rides are still a nightmare. We waited 70 mins for Crushes Coaster, despite being in the park from 8:30.By the way you can get into the park from 8:00 but breakfast at Disneyland Hotel only starts at 07:30.... Hopeless.This resort is truly dreadful and hugely damaging to the Disney brand. Visit this place, and you will receive a 3 day lesson in queuing. The average queing time when we visited was 70 mins for a rides which last on average less than 2 minutes. The food was expensive and the staff were generally unpleasant. I can only describe the park as a commercial monster, designed to squeeze every last penny from parents. I've never been more disappointed, the food is expensive and the quality of it simply abysmal. The fact it's delivered to your table by a Disney character, doesn't make up for the fact that I wouldn't feed it to my dog. Parents of children with food allergies please be aware, it's not as it says in the brochure. There is a very limited selection of food available, and staff haven't a clue about the ingredients in the food. Our youngest son has a nut allergy, and it was a struggle.Avoid this place!!!!!!!!My day spent here was just terrible. I just don't understand what the deal is. There are really long lines to every attraction and every restaurant. Why not replace all the millions of stores which all sell the same thing with some restaurants? Not even my 7 year old enjoyed herself. Never ever coming back and warning all my friends about itEverything looks and feel old , the games didnt change or inprove since 2001 ...dont let me talk about the food , better eat grass from the gardens ... the service is terrible , you feel that there are less employees and that the park isnt doing well . You never find a shuttle and you just walk hours and wait for hours for 30 seconds rides ... the fastpass is a jocke , there should be a fastpass like in the US... rebuild this park for god sake or go bankrupt , it shows that your bleeding financially . Better to take a courageous desicion then to die slowly. :(Tickets to the theme park cost 75 euros, plus parking, plus water plus plus plus. Packed full (60 000 guests expected when it should actually host about 20 000). At least three activities closed and four momentarily out of service, for the rest: one hour and a half queues under the July sun, no shade, no trees, nowhere to sit.Staff fairly welcoming for French standards speaking their mother tongue and a few basic words of another language but not enough to be understood.Restaurant is rather expensive even for Paris standards, long wait for the main course and dessert. Steak when well done is charred black. Wait is so long children eat bread and by the time the food is brought to the table they are not hungry anymore.Go elsewhere, it is not worth it.I am very sorry to say that our family visit to Disneyland Paris Park was terrible. It is not even high season, and the wait time for rides was longer the 45mins on every single ride. Main attractions where closed without prior warning. We only saw two Disney Characters the whole day. Food and drink was poor and over priced. If you have a visit planned be prepared for disappointment and it may not be as bad as you expect.Safe your money and go to Florid for a much better experience : (too many people on June 30 monday... restaurants all full, space mountain closed, pirates of the caribbean broked down, attractions all full.... dissapointingVisited Disneyland Paris for the first time and was very disappointed. The technology has not been updated from being a front runner years ago to being mediocre. The park has a few good roller coaster rides but the rest of the exhibits show virtually little innovation. Queueing at this park is also horrendous and you can spend most of your day just waiting in line. There is a fast track service but this is limited to one ride every couple of hours.Save you money and go to Florida where there is more space and more to do for a fraction of the cost.The park itself is not well maintained and is a bit tired and could do with a make over. Also, people smoke where and when they want as there as no one enforces the rules.Won't be rushing back.Went to park for 2 days in early may and booked tickets through UK travel agent who promoted the fast pass as an added extra unfortunately fast pass isn't fast pass at all it is an advanced cueing system available to everyone so doesn't work at all managed to get on 3 rides the first day went back 2nd day and fast pass cues where already past 3pm so we left having spent   200 to go on 3 rides so really not hsppySo disappointed   they let far too many people into this much smaller version of Disneyland and it is hideously overcrowded. Waiting times for EVERYTHING are at least 35 mins according to the signs but that is a massive lie. Even the Fast Track is ridiculous as we tried at 11am and the come back time was 3.50pm. What a joke for small children. The parents are incredibly aggressive considering it is a kids theme park... where is the love?? The waiting obviously short circuits brains. They should restrict how many people enter the park and maybe it might be more enjoyable. Hated it and couldn't wait to get out of there and the food??? Fried food extravaganza.. horrible. Would never go again and strongly advise parents to find another park to go to... there is another fantastic park around Paris that we went to with rides etc and no waiting. If you have older kids maybe ok but for young children waiting an hour per time to get on a ride is not a fun day for them and even less so for their parents.i have been to Anaheim Disney 6 times and have just been to the Paris Park last week. The appearance is very shabby, dirty and everyone was smoking which surprised me. The park is way smaller yet more expensive and the park didn't open til 10am! Disney in Anaheim opened at 7am. A lot of rides were closed and it was height of summer. Very disappointing. The food inside the park was generic and over priced as well. Staff were not 'disneylike' and hardly spoke regardless of what language. I can converse in three languages yet none of the staff could give a hoot. Just basically ignored people. Even in most shops there were four or five cash registers yet only one open at a time and a line formed for a massive wait time just to purchase a toy. Very slack work ethic. Hardly any characters around either for the little kids. In four days I saw Pinocchio, eeyore, and lilo and stich. That's it! In Usa, the characters are in every land all the time, the place is clean, and the staff magical to combine a magical experience. In Paris, it's nothing more than dirty expensive playground where you line up for hours and then the ride may break, like the Big Thunder Rail ride did for us. Won't be returning here. Just back from a family trip to EuroDisney Paris. It was everything I feared it would be ... but far worse! To sum up my experience in three words: Queues, queues, queues.The bad. The weather was unbearably hot, 100F, not Disney's fault I know this would not have been nearly as bad if it wasn't for all the time required to be outdoors queuing. I would never go again in summer. Food overpriced. Merchandise overpriced. Not enough picnic and play areas. Kids got bored and tetchy with queues. The good   the staff were all very friendly and well trained whilst doing a very stressful job with stressed customers. Felt safe on rides. The other guests were also very polite despite the sufferance. Shame that smoking was allowed in the park. I know outdoors but why should I have to breath in other peoples filth whilst standing in queues and watching parades? Parade good. Park buildings and landscaping lovely.Monday. I arrived by packed shuttle bus which was full to bursting and crawled through rush hour traffic. I waited 15 minutes to get my bag xrayed at security. I then waited thirty minutes to get my pre paid ticket even though the queue was short and the counters fully manned. Why is this process so slow when the kids are desperate to get into the park. I then waited ten more minutes at park entry. I then set off to 'Adventureland' and walked to the Pirates ride and waited forty minutes   which then promptly shut down due to a technical fault just as I was about to board. So we went instead to the haunted house which said 15 minutes queuing time but which was 45 minutes in extreme heat. Haunted house story was all in French and therefore meaningless. And that was my morning. In the afternoon thought about the Frozen sing a long but queues were prohibitive. Went on Thundermountain in afternoon with a fastpass ticket   it was good but still had to wait twenty minutes. Gave up with other rides due to queues and went to some of the lesser attractions instead. Tuesday: Walked thirty minutes to park to avoid bus overcrowding. Found secondary entrance with no queues. Went to 'Fantasyland' but Peterpan ride shut due to technical fault. Did a few rides but generally disappointed with the quality and length of rides. Not nearly as good as I'd expected. Waited an hour for the star wars simulator which was good but not worth the tortuous queue. Queues for toilet, queues for water fountain. Gave up and retreated to hotel at this point and returned in the evening. Evening parade good. Jaques Cousteaux future ride closed. Gave up queuing for Automania. Went to rockets instead   said 15 minute queue but was twice that for 1 minute ride. Laser firework show at castle excellent and highlight of show..Wednesday: went to Disney studios park. Rushed to Crush ride early to avoid queues only to wait 70 minutes for a 60 second rollarcoaster in the dark. Massively disappointed. Meanwhile, another family member had to wait 20minutes just to get a fastpass ticket for Ratatouie. Went to a animalmajique show which was pants. Went to Ratatouie which had just broken down. So gave up and went back to the hotel for a swim instead. Thursday. Had a morning before flying home. Tried to go on rides that had been unable to get on previously. But pirates shut again. When did return, queues forty minutes long and, unlike my companions, I was not prepared to endure. Went on 'behind the scenes' tram   which was just garbage. Peter Pan ride was closed again but then reopened. It was so dark I couldn't see anything! I'm told this is a problem in the summer because there is not time to allow your eyes to adjust! Summary. Any other company expecting families with young children to queue for hours in the baking sun would be prosecuted for child abuse! I don't understand why people tolerate the queues ... the park clearly is all about the rides and yet can't accommodate so many people. The same people that would blow a fuse if they had to wait for half an hour in an airport security line for a two hour,   60 plane trip seem to be remarkably tollerant when waiting an hour and more for a sixty second mickey mouse ride with their family   when they have paid thousands of pounds for the privilege. Everywhere I looked I saw strained parents and frustrated kids all frazzling in the heat. Disney are so sneaky about the queues. First you stand for twenty minutes in the sun to get to the entrance of the attraction, and the queue doesn't look so bad; then you turn a corner to be confronted with a cattle shed of people twisting back and forth hidden round the side of the attraction  thirty more minutes; then you enter the building where you spend another twenty minutes in corridors constantly going round bends but not knowing how much longer you have to endure. If anyone could see the length of the queue from the onset they would never join in the first place. I do not know how this place averages a rating of four stars; it's just not worth the pain and misery and the money!Disneyland Paris was awful. I recommend never going. Lines for anything  Don't Miss  were over 60 minutes and it wasn't a public or school holiday. Many, many things closed including a restaurant that didn't have a sign on it at all and we weren't the only people waiting for it to open at 11:55am. Then had to queue for food and toilets. At 12:30 the children's menu had run out at the Mexican place   it's a children's themepark!!. Our7 year old thought that the tacos that we did eventually get were delicious so that was a minor bonus. The buildings were tired and in need of paint. There was nothing magical about Disney at all! The final insult was just as we were leaving (after having been there for 7 hours and been on 4 rides   total ride time approx 12 minutes and wait time hours   they announced a spectacle on Mainstreet that sounded a like a parade so kids got set up and ready to see at least something spectacular but it was just ONE horse drawn cart with a movie character in it. Kids 14, 10 and 7 didn't enjoy Disneland at all   what a waste of a day!!!We had a terrible day at Disney Paris The staff never smile and half the rides are being renovated which is appalling during the busiest time of year.There were no characters to see in the streets and not enough carriages open with refreshments throughout the parks.Lunch at lucky nuggets was the only thing we liked but the staff don't smile I guess that's a French people thing !!!!Putting it out there because we've been to the Disney Orlando and Anaheim and this park disappointed us.To the point were we were very upset even when waiting for the return shuttle bus there were no benches to sit and everyone sat on the street curb. Would it be a lot to ask for a few park benches?I won't be back EVER!!!!!!Spent a total fo 7 hours waiting in line and barely 15 min riding. Then waiting for food probably 40 mins . Rides are a thrill..lol not... Boring for anyone whom has been anywhere I mean anywhere else this park will leave you wanting and wondering why put yourself thru it . The most expensive way to spend a day wasting time and money.Wow what a let down.... This park is no Disneyland and should not even be associated with the name.  So many opportunities to make money here if only the management of the park was better.  Very unprofessionally run and just a very disappointing experience.Spent 3 days here with my wife and 14yo daughter. Stayed at Disney's Hotel New York so we'd get into the park early before the general public. A waste of time as most rides didn't open until 10am. Have been to parks in other parts of the world where crowds are managed so much better than here. Poor crowd control, poor food, poor service. Several major rides closed for renovation however we were not told of these closures when Disney took our booking. I feel cheated. Never again!We decided to visit Disney as we were in Paris but oh my did we regret it. Tired team members, no welcoming friendly people, half of discovery land closed with the main rides as Space mountain closed. It looks extremely tired and worn out and the commerce and product pushing really takes the Mickey as every 5 meters you are invited to buy stuff. Paint is chipping and it has lost its  magic  then to top it received a food poisoning bug from the Pinocchio restaurant as they served curry sausage that was not kept at the right temperature and not cooked thoroughly. Rude people throughout the park so not to be repeated. Just back from euro Disney 6 adults and 2 kids, 11 and 2. We all had the same opinion that it was a very expensive waste of money. We paid extra to get the fast track tickets. We found these to be a waste of time and only used it once. The studio side of the parks were not even taking the fast track tickets. The 2 rides which we wanted to go on were out of order. There are numerous gift shops on every corner all selling exactly the same over priced items. We will not be returning. Long ques, terrible food, too exspensive, a lot of rides were closed, nothing but gift shops and unhappy looking people everywhere. It felt like nothing more then a money making racket, I was so excited about it and was very disappointed. We got tickets for both Disney land and the studios but thw studios closed at 6 which we didn't know anything about till it was too late, got about an hour in there. Rip off.After visiting disneyworld in Florida over 25 times I have come to expect a certain standard , foolishly I expected the same standard at Disneyland Paris , how wrong was I . It was a disgrace , bad service , badly organised , dirty and no attention to detail.i won't be going back. Come on Disney get your magic backOn arriving at the park after travelling overnight by coach and ferry had to queue over half an hour for toilets as only four available outside the park. Spent most of our day queuing for rides which broke down before we got on them and when I complained they just shrugged their shoulders. There were no Disney characters wandering about, you had to queue to see them. The parade was the best part of the day but only lasted 20 minutes. There was no character to the park, you could of been any where. You are better off going to one of the theme parks in England. Toilet facilities were smelly and food vastly overpriced. The kids were very disappointed as they have been wanting to go for years. It was also very tired looking and shabby, shops all sold the same thing and were very expensive. Never again!!Took a party of 5 to the parks for the day; my experience (or lack of..)2 main rides were closed   for a major holiday weekend, and the same price charged as if all facilities available.The parks were rammed with people   very quickly it became clear that we would have to queue for a minimum of 1 hour to be able to get on any rides; the reality was that for the majority of the decent rides, waits and queues of almost 2 hours were the reality. The queues were chaotic.In my mind, I began to question if Disney had any management control over people volumes and subsequent health and safety on that basis ; I saw no evidence of any moves to stop people entering on the basis of number control.Canned music around the parks piped throspeakers didnt add to the magic of the place, reminded me of the Orwell novel 1984.No sign of any Disney characters , had they been laid off and replaced by automation?The most worrying experience was the breakdown of a major ride   the entrance was long and dark, taking over an hour for people to channel through narrow tunnels and then came to a shuddering halt for us as we approached the ride. Young children were upset, parents were frustrated and frantic efforts to sort the ride ended for people after about 20 minutes when people were channelled out the exit. This was the final straw to an already disappointing day for my sons and me.We left the park exhausted, dejected and my sons were disappointed with the whole experience ; I personally found the whole day stressful as there was no knowing if and how we could manage to do the rides we wanted under these conditions.Hardly the  Happiest Place on Earth , and I could see few happy faces leaving the parks.I could not recommend this place and would rather spend a day at Alton Towers and ensure I get my moneys worth , and happier sons. Totally disillusioned with the whole day. Our 3rd visit here, 2009, 2012 and now 2015, we have a 9,3 and 6m old, in 2009 and 2012, the characters use to walk around the park so you'd be able to get photos and autographs but that's all stopped. We should have had 5 days, 4 nights but we came home a day early, both older children we're crying during day as 3 occasions they queued to get a signature and photo and each time a staff member it the rope across them or people in front after 30 min in the line. We only managed to get on a few rides as the wait times were all around 1hr long and the middle child always wanted a wee towards the end. A 50 queue to see Mickey Mouse, you have to make a reservation to see 1 Disney princess, the light show at the end did not have frozen in it. Sorely disappointed and will not be coming backwe have just come back from disneyland paris, it has got to be the most overpriced, over rated attraction ever!!! on the day we arrived we got the disney magic shuttle , there was announcement of the hotels, and we could have very easily missed the hotel we was staying in!! also on our first day two out of the three rides my grand children wanted to go on were closed, the second day we set off early to avoid dissapointment the children did 4 rides in 7 hours, one ride we queued for 2 and half hours another ride was 1 and half hours and the ride only last 35 seconds!! I thought that disney was for children  only to find there was groups on single men   women and couples, what is that about??   There wasn't any characters on the streets, you had to PAY extra to see them!!! there was not entertainment while you was queuing which i think would have helped a little bit to stop the bordem!! tv screen perhaps, it was just awfull!!! my grandchildren couldn't wait to leave the park and go swimming ( ages 10   8  4 ) now that to me means that there is something wrong when a child want to leave a theme park !!!! i would never go again, i would never recommend it to anyone .. please save your money!!! awfull awful place!!Where do I start,75 euros each for adults and that's just for one park also 15 euros to park your car!!! 60 80 min wait for rides which the main ones were closed,30 mins wait just to get an ice cream, no seating around the park so you can sit and rest your feet,no characters about,didn't even see the princess's until the parade,fed up of having to wait for everything!!!toilets smelt awful,no wow factor for me was so disappointed even the fast track booths were closed,no organisation at all,I thought the park could of done with a serious makeover to be honest with you,I wish I had of spent my time and money in Paris !!!Having been to Disneyworld Orlando four time with my children many years ago that experience gave me a lifetime of memories. This year in May 2015 I decided with my wife to take my granddaughter to Disneyland Paris. I went for six days, five nights and paid for the premium food package on full board basis. I stayed at the New York hotel within the resort. The hotel was Ok but expected more for a four star hotel. I had an early flight unfortunately and arrived at the resort at 1020 am . I was told on check in that the room was not ready till 3 pm. Not good when you have a four year old who has been up and travelling since 4am. In most hotels in Europe rooms are usually available at mid day. I noticed that the tiles in the bathroom were cracked along the bottom by the floor and the beds were like sleeping on wooden pallets. The Disney parks were a let down, seven of the rides in both parks were broken (this you are not told before you book or arrive at location) The park was somewhat dirty and even though you saw cleaning staff around they were more interested in walking in three's and fours,talking,smoking and basically not doing what they were paid to do. The plants and shrubs and supposedly manicured areas were un kept. The buildings of the rides looked tired with worn out paint. The majority of staff were polite but I found that on some of the rides for children like the Rocket, Dumbo, mad hatters rides the more the queue's the less time you had to ride . It appeared that because of the queues one or two of the rides lasted only 1min 10sec.This park is very different to the USA parks, This park is very small and you can get round comfortably in about 2 and a half days. We queued for some 2hours forty minutes to get a picture and signature from one of the princesses. It was almost that for the other characters.You had to queue at 1030 in the morn to get a ticket for the princess pavilion but were then told your child could only see one and not any of the the others. The queues for other rides were deceptive it would say 5 mins when it fact it was 40 minutes when you passed the gate. How do you tell a child they cant go on it. Thank god she was an angel throughout the whole trip and we queued where necessary. People may say I'm just complaining but when you go to the US parks you kind of expect DISNEY to provide at least the same or similar don't you?. I must mention the meal plans. These are cruelly deceptive. I went for a full board premium plan and was told I could eat what I wanted from the menu and in any restaurant within the Disney resort I wanted. Not if you don't have a reservation!!!!!!! How can you reserve for a four year old. The premium plan allows you to choose from the al acarte menu but in some of the restaurants they have the premium plan menu, two starters, three main and three deserts to choose from wow!! All this for 125 euro ( $160) per meal for three. A meal for three could cost you as much as $200 plus If you don't buy the meal plans. There are other lower plans but the food is just as bad. Didn't know my child would be restricted to froi gras or smoked salmon. I expected far more choice for what I paid. This they don't tell you when you book your holiday!!!! I was told that the premier restaurants was the California grill in the Disneyland hotel . Two things to say about that, bad, cold food, very poor service. The character meals they sell, you expect to see a lot of them there we saw four character at one meal and three princesses at another and we had to wait over an hour to see the first princess and drank water waiting for the others as we had already eaten our meal. When I got fed up with the rubbish food I went to a deli who stated that she would not take my voucher for a cheese and ham sandwich. Eventually a manage from Walts restaurant kindly helped us out an the voucher was accepted. We ate at the Lucky nugget, they took our vouchers and explained that we would lose money by eating there we understood but had a great burger. I will say go the the Buffalo Bill dinner show that was the best!!!The trip overall was disappointing considering the cost we paid. In hindsight I would have taken her to the USA for that little extra. Don't get the premium plans there not worth it.!!!!! All in all my grand daughter had a great time and we made it as best we could but I will not go back there and would advise others to think about it before going to DISNEYLAND PARIS. I think finally that the CEO's of Disney need to get out there and sort this out. I'd have sacked a few of those bosses by now!!! Rant overEvery child must go to Disney. Unfortunately, I never did, but I wanted my child to experience the magic of Disney. She is five and a bit and is crazy about Frozen, Tinker Bell, Belle   the usual stuff. So, three of us went. We stayed at the Davy Crockett Ranch, one of Disney hotels. This will be a separate review. Loved it (Davy Crockett), by the way.Disney positives: The fireworks show, which starts at 10:30pm, is bloody awesome. The daily parade of Disney characters (around 5:30pm) is worth seeing at least once. Your child will love it.The train journey around the park is a sneaky way to rest your feet   you can ride on and on, it goes around in circles and you don't have to get off.That's all, folks! Now the negatives and why we are not coming back:Smoking. I have nothing against people who smoke. I can have a cheeky one myself. Now and again. But never ever in front of a child or where a child might see me. In Disneyland you can smoke anywhere. Literally   anywhere! This is a children's theme park, last I checked, and your child can get a whiff of second hand smoke even in a queue of Crush Coaster Nemo ride. Lots of people smoking   in front of their children, in front of my child... This is just wrong. Hated it.Queues   we all know that one has to queue at Disney, but as it turns out the wait at most (no, scrap that   ALL) rides is at least an hour, usually just under two hours. And then the ride lasts 3 5 minutes. Disney might say  oh, but it's because the rides are so popular! . I say    it's because of rubbish organisation and planning. . As much as my child is dedicated to Disney, it's a torture to have her wait five hours to go on three rides.Food. It's very overpriced and very inedible. You'll find that everywhere, in all different restaurants, they have the same menu, same prices and same quality. My waiter was very apologetic, he knew exactly what I meant when I said this was the worst food we ever put in our mouths in France. Of course, there's an option of packing your own lunch, but we just don't like to carry more than we absolutely have to. Imagine 30 degrees heat, you are fighting your way through a crowd, with a tired child, with a backpack stuffed of half melted sandwiches on your back...There are no Disney characters out in the park for kids to cuddle up to and have a photo taken with. You know how they show Disney Florida TV adverts and there's always a kid hugging a Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse? I expected those to just roam the streets of Disney Town. None of that. Not a single Mickey to be hugged or photographed. Maybe it's just not a French thing...So, that's it, really. As great as the fireworks show and the parade were, it is way outweighed by excessively long queues, smoking all around, and overpriced and bad food everywhere. No Disney magic for us. Disappointed, we are not going back. Not to Disney France anyway.It was rent a Disney.  Disappointing.  Did not come close to Orlando or Anaheim.  Wish we would have spent the day in the city.We booked this through a travel agent the whole  Disney Magic  Package including the hotel and were really looking forward to this experience and magical journey. Weren't we wrong!A lot of the theme park was boarded up with green boards that didn't fit the theme around them. Just green boards stating  Mickey is busy building  or whatever it said.It completely took away from the magic of the theme park if we are being honest. really ruined the whole 'escapism' experience.The rides were shoddy and broke down all the time. The staff knew about it with one day being extremely poor and they called it  A Special Day ... Well Im not being funny it wasn't special to us!One main area of the park was pretty much closed (Discovery land) with the restaurants opening when ever they wanted to and closed a lot earlier than the park. The characters were just in the meet and greet spots which required queueing up for 30 minutes a time just to see them or get a picture. I thought they had walk around characters.The staff here looked miserable. A lot of them on mobile phones, walk around staff in red uniforms on mobiles in the arcade walkways near the entrance and on the ride loading. The staff need to be replaced with people who actually want to be there! We witnessed people in the queue in Indiana Jones clearly not tall enough and the staff arguing with them about not being able to ride. No smiles nothing! Iv'e never been so appalled in my life.This trip was a waste of money and I definately won't be recommending it to anyone any time soon. We were also on the hunt for stitch and saw him twice through the whole visit in the Stars and Cars parade thing. Just disappointing really rubbish experienc and the staff we spoke to didn't seem to care.travelled with my family over the may day bank holiday weekend, half of the larger rides were closed with queue jump not working at the studio park. My nephew queued 45 mins to meet spiderman and was to told there was a technical difficulty! not sure what this implies for a guy dressed in a spiderman outfit, it really spoiled his day. Overall there were multiple instances of the staff being rude and pushy during our stay. The food is also overpriced (expected).good bitsmagical experience given scale of the park, albeit the magic wore off very fast with our second visit this weekendin summary i wouldn't go back any time soon, having been charged a full ticket price with a lot of the key attractions closed, it was a complete let downLet me start by saying something positive before I tell you all the bad comments The staff that is working in disneyland are super nice and they all speak English that's the good part,the rest is bad it is too expensive I mean they charge an Elsa dress for 70 euro shame on you and popcorn 6 euros hello are you getting the corn from Australia?????? No the money you spend it is not worth it.I been to Movie park in Germany 100000% better my girl is 4 years old she love Elsa an Frozen but she never got to see her as when the show started at 5.30 pm she was asleep.Why don't the characters go around the park during the day so the kids can hug them and take photos?everything inside is super expensive so my advice is bring your drinks and food as it is ridiculously. Just spent oneday at both parks. In Disney losts of the attractions were closed, yet got hammered for full price. I went 20 years ago when it opened and wanted to take my son Stood in line for over an hour to buy tickets and watch only one wicket be opened until 10:45. Apparently the French do not share the customer experience that happened in the US parks. I wouldst suggest that you save your money and fly to Orlando. Closed   space mountain, star tours, captain Nemo's sub, phantom manor , thunder Mesa riverboats landing. Way too much to be closed for full price. Heck even the bathrooms were closed and the other one didn't have a dryer that worked in the men's bathroom. I wish I read these reviews before I wasted my time and money!!!! Don't go!!!!!!!I am writing this review waiting in line to attraction (60minutes). Disney park is amazing, beautiful paradise of our childhood's dreams. We were inspired by this park 10years ago, when came here first time and had seen all park's attraction in 1 day. This time we were proud to open this paradise for our little kids, who were dreaming about it. But this   time the paradise was lost, our kids said, they do not want to come here again. I believe that Paradise was lost by it's formal management. In order to see all attractions here, one have to spend average 70% of time in waiting to get to attractions. Fast pass: it does not work any more like 10 years ago, fast pass's slots were turned off at 1pm, and to get to all famous attractions you had to wait about 60 minutes on each. Unfortunately we had short vacation and do not have time to spend in Disney land park 3 days(10years ago we managed to explore 100% of attractions in 1 day). I mentioned management,   of course this is the reason of our unsuccessful vacation. I tried to speak with some staff asking advise how to get solution, because we do not have enough time to complete our tour, but received just formal replied like  it is policy for all  . It looks like they care more to be right than to care customers satisfaction. Daughter of our friends asked in the shop the price of some merchandise(she forgot eyeglasses in hotel), but received nervous reply  You have to look the tag! (Seller did not care that it was to dark in pirates shop, and the girl should have problem with her eyes). Conclusion : 1. the park is fantastic , 2. Disney brand is very popular, so it looks like no necessary to improve   management and service which are pour, 3. Need to plan 3 days to stay here to avoid disappointments like we. And be ready to spend to much money for overpriced merchandise; our 7 year old son just studied in primary school topic about  fair trade   he told us that  toys are sold with unfair prices here .   I do not like to write unpleasant reviews, you can see that I had wrote over 200 excellent or good reviews. But this time I feel responsibility to point public attention to this topic, because it concerns childhood. I believe, that it is important to hold the balance between commercial interests and children's happiness. Ps: I asked in reception of hotel if there any option for people who does not have time for multi day visit to pay extra for guaranteed fast pass (like in other brand parks), I received very polite and smily negative and formal reply  This was our third visit to Disneyland Paris having been in 2010 and 2011. I remember on our first visit in 2010 I couldn't believe how pristine it was but cannot say the same this year   unfortunately it has lost its sparkle and has become very grubby (people urinating in the caves doesn't help and it is very disappointing as one thing the park has is plenty of toilets). There used to be characters galore walking about the parks, the excitement of not knowing who you would but in to has vanished as now you have to queue to see them   and I really felt for the tiny Spiderman fan whose mum wouldn't queue for the hour! Management need re think the queuing system for rides   there should be a fast lane for children under 12. Standing in a line for 50 to 70 minutes with groups of teenagers adults in front is quite disheartening. The  fast pass  is laughable to say the least! Everyone should experience Disney but these rides are aimed at children and there should be some sort of restriction in place to let children enjoy the experience.Quite a few rides closed but the best ride was ratatouille and the new buzz light year area is great. Armageddon is a waste of time but having not done it the previous 2 visits we had to give it a go. Disney need to promote 'baby swap' as a couple behind us with a baby hadn't heard of it and it was their last day. One parent queues with older child(ren) whilst the other goes to the exit of the ride with the baby. When the parent that queues finishes the ride the other parent gets on straight away. When my son was a baby it got our daughter double rides as she was able to get on again with the second parent. We stayed in Sequoia Lodge this visit, having previously thought the Disney Hotel was a waste of money. I would love to know who gives these hotels their ratings as they are both barely 3 star, the only advantage is the location of the Disney Hotel. Security would be an issue also as on this visit to Sequoia the lady in front who had just checked in had been given key cards to a room that was still occupied   this happened to us in the Disney Hotel!Overall experience was disappointing for the money spent!Just returned back from 4 days Eurodisney trip during April 6, 2015 Easter brake.I must admit it was a complete disappointment from my perspective as an adult. It was ok from my son's perspective as he is only 3.5 years old and did not expect anything more than he was provided. He would have double triple better experience and more fun if we did not experience below issues. In a nutshell:  Does not work when you spend 45 minutes on the average for one minute ride! Queues' estimated waiting time were between 20 120 minutes!  Total disappointment when fast track provides you 3.15 pm slot when you go to fast track ticket machine at 10.30 am. Also did not understand why request to stop by fast track machine when  fast track concept  is offered. The worst is still need to wait 20 minutes in fast track line when you do all of these!  Here comes the experience that made me say  never ever! . 45 minutes estimated waiting time label as opposed to 130 minutes queue time. Not finished! Train stopped for 15 minutes during the ride just because of 5.30pm show and this was mentioned just 10 minutes before we got on the train (120 minutes after started to wait in the queue!).Restaurants;  Bistrot Chez Remy: Good food and good service. Strongly recommended.  Walt: Very good food and good service. Strongly recommended.  Auberge de Cendrillon: Poor food but good service. Characters were very friendly and spent a lot of time with kids. Strongly recommended.  Mickey's cafe: Poor service and poor food. Not recommended. Characters were ok.Conclusion: There are material management issues in Eurodisney. The idea is great, premises are ok, but lack of proper management and poor customer service are the names of the game! Sorry for being so open. Eurodisney strongly NOT recommended. Try the others even thousands miles away!Easter Sunday we took our daughter to Paris Disneyland for her tenth birthday. Started our experience in a dirty cafe with hardly any seating and a awful coffee , muffin and hot chocolate so hot my daughter burn't her mouth. First ride was closed, second ride closed! Pocahontas playground was lame. Next stop  orbitron 1hour wait for a ride that took under two minutes. Took ten minutes to buy two packs of crisps when there was only two people ahead of me. The food being served looked so plastic, all we wanted were some sandwiches. We left starving! Everywhere we went rides were closed , including space mountain. The rides that were open had waiting times of over an hour and many with no  fast pass . WE DESCRIBE IT AS A Very very expensive THEME MALL as the only places that were easy to access were the many shops selling endless Disney products, even then the service was painfully slow. Congratulations to all the wonderful, patient, tolerant , well mannered good humoured parents from all over the world that were at Disneyland Paris Easter Day!I was here during the Easter holiday weekend so expected it to be crowded and swarming with people. This park is disappointing to say the least. The queue was very long, an average wait time of 1 hour for the more popular rides.Maintenance and servicing of the rides are not the highest priority of the management because after waiting more than 1 hr for the Indiana Jones ride, they had technical issues and promptly closed it down. After waiting another 30 mins, I decided to leave, most of the guests did the same.The attractions are dated and not very interesting.Save your money and go to Orlando instead, this place can't hold a candle to the Florida mothership.This is truly one of the worst theme parks I have ever visited. Firstly trying to get into the park there were long tail backs just to get in, the reason? All the credit card machines had gone down, so instead of just letting the cars park and taking the hit just to get people in they make every car scrabble around for cash. You only found this out when you get to the booth as the staff directing traffic are more bothered with getting people staying at the hotel in. Then after paying 15 Euros, yes really, to park we then line up to get your bags checked (not a problem, just have more staff on) Once in the park we realised that the whole parks credit card machines were down, but again you would only find this out once you got to the end of the line.But the worst thing was the amount of closed rides. Every high profile ride except the 'Runaway train' type ride was closed. Not just broken down, but covered and off. What the heck are we paying for, its defiantly not the happy atmosphere. Of the three, yes three, rides we did go one, two stopped mid ride ( one repeatedly ) and one looked like it had been there since the day it opened.The food is dire and beyond expensive.I know that this place is constantly on the verge of bankruptcy, but I didn't realise that they were trying to get their total debt back off me in one day.Avoid.By no means had a terrible time, but given the huge expense I was shocked by how lacklustre the place was. Very few rides (without queues it would be easy to do them all within a day), rudimentary service, and appalling 80s motorway service station levels of catering   at huge prices. They have been handed a great heritage, but a lack of investment means all the lovley if kitsch buildings and classic rides feel tired. Ratatouille aside, there is no use of 3D or any sense that things have moved on from 1992. Almost every building is given over to retail outlets rather than rides. Stayed in the Disneyland hotel at the main gates   great venue, but service was like that of an airport hotel. not right at prices comparable with the Ritz. Overall, it felt like the place was either debt ridden or greedy, and the customers were people to be exploited. Staff all seemed to have the Gallic disdain for American culture which meant no matter how hard they tried they hated being there. If you can't avoid a trip to Disney, then go to the US   bigger parks,probably better service and food (shocking to say about a place in France   but you can't get French food, even a baguette, there). Avoid. The likes of Peppa Pig World are cheaper and shockingly not so far behind.7th and worst visit. Went there March 2015 and this was by far the worst trip we've had. Three of the biggest rides were shut down. The queues were really bad as a result of this. Some of the waiting times were up to 70 minutes! How do they expect people to stand there for this amount of time? The first day we got there, The Phantom Manor, Big Thunder Mountain, Space Mountain, Thunder Mesa, Crushes Coaster and Pirates of the Carribean were all closed! They may as well shut the entire park! No apologies were ever forthcoming. This is typical of Disney's attitude towards customers. If they are losing money, they've only got themselves to blame.Rundown, outdated, no magic feeling and an hour wait to meet one princess.... What young child will stand in a que quietly for 60min to meet one character? No characters walking around the park in costume.... Only in plain clothes with whistles marching a protest for higher pay!  killed the magic for me. Rubbish restaurants.Not recommended.What a miserable place, it was my third and last visit! Peeling paint, three of the best rides closed,staff that treat you with disdain, expensive food, disorganised chaos! The French just can't do Disney, you'd be better off going to Orlando, they do it justice.Oh dear, what have French managed to do to the magic of Disney? Firstly we love Disney so this is not a Disney knocking review and like a number of reviewers I would whole heartedly agree every child should get to visit Disney. Unfortunately, from the jewel of Europe in the 1990's Disney has sunk to an all time low with shops having very little merchandise, paint peeling from walls, no organisation at the main gate or bus station creating major risk to small children getting crushed in the push for both entrance and exit. However, they have maintained their high prices (Florida is also expensive don't let anyone tell you different) Back in the 1980's France was chosen and immediately the fears started to grow, these have now come home to roost, the staff now treat guests with distain and three of the main rides closed at the same time is poor planning on a park where there are so few rides anyway. The lack of shows to shelter from the winter weather is a major failure on the planners and the total lack of characters around the park embarrassing. Yes America is better, weather, size, etc but the big difference are the staff members who look like they are not serving a prison sentence. This is my fifth and final visit to Disney and Paris, what it had, it has lost. The most appalling part is having enter the park and then exit the park again to place your luggage in holding. On a positive note, the firework display out paced Florida and the castle is still the most beautiful of all the Disney parks. Get your paint brush out Walt. Having never been to a Disneyland before we were excited to go and kept it as a surprise treat for our 8 year old son on our last day of a trip to Paris.The first thing that hits you is how tacky everything is and in such a bad state of repair. Customer service generally could best be described as glum. Despite it not being school holiday time in France the place was rammed. We queued first of all for an hour and while approaching the front were told that the ride had to close for safety reasons.We caught sight of Mickey on a walk about and made our way over to the large crowd hoping to meet him. He was cordoned off by minders who barked orders at young children and their parents. Horrible. Waited patiently for another 45 mins or so to try and meet him but time ran out and he was off. Managed to get a photo of Mickey's back and my son smiling gamely in the foreground.The queues were building towards lunchtime so we thought we'd better try and get a place. The food offerings generally tended towards poor quality junk food at highly inflated prices. We stood in line for a further hour to get into a self service buffet type place. You pay up front on entering and extra for drinks.  Do you want a drink?  the harassed person on the till demanded. There is no menu and basically you have a choice between  soda , wine or beer. She then waved a curley Mickey straw in front of my son ... which was another 10 euros or so on top of the extortionately priced food. No thanks. We had already forked out 30 euros to kit the 3 of us out in rain jackets since it was tipping down and extra to stow our luggage ... while we were  enjoying the magic . We looked around for a table ourselves but were instructed to move to a smaller table laid for two once seated. We ordered drinks but after 20 minutes or so they still hadn't arrived. We asked a waiter who presumed we hadn't paid and wanted to see our receipt to prove it. Another queue for the ladies toilets (laughably inadequate for the size of restaurant) and we were out again for more  fun .Just under an hour to queue for the Buzz Lightyear ride which flashed by in a couple of minutes and it was time to head home.What a disappointment, it felt like the whole thing was an exercise in trying to extract the most amount of money for the least return. I am baffled by the good reviews ... you couldn't pay me to return. Save your money and go to Chessington on an inset day   it knocks spots off Disneyland Paris.It cost 15 euros to park over 1 km from the entrance! Which supermarket or store charges you to park when you are there to spend money? Entrance to just one parc for 2 adults and an 8 year old was 211 euros. On the internet it said that one child goes free with one full adult price. Of course this turned out to be only on the internet and of course when you are travelling and staying in a hotel, it is so easy to print out such a ticket! One third of the rides was closed. Most rides took 50 minutes queueing for a non descript experience of 90 to 120 seconds. A small bottle of Perrier cost 3.95 and there was no candy floss and nowhere to even have a beer. Went into the steak house to try and find solace with a good piece of meat and a glass of wine and that was closed! The rest of the food seemed to be only lousy American junk food! What a rip off, what a come down for the kids. I would not go there again even if they paid me 1000 euros! But yet they were selling annual season tickets which apparently were  rentabilise  or became worth it after the second time! Christ, they have to be kidding! Who would ever want to go back there after the first time? It is more like a punishment, like going to prison. The only thing going for the parc is a few Disney characters, though you even have to wait for Mickey Mouse to meet him (another 50 minutes)!!! FAR BETTER GOING TO A LOCAL FUNFAIR AND HAVING FUN ON THE DODGEMS, ROLLER COASTER AND OTHER ATTRACTIONS. Far cheaper as well!My partner recently stayed with you, as a teacher on a school trip. He spoke highly of your service, and the attractions. Whilst his stay he bought me a mikey and minnie photo frame as a gift to bring home. Though when he got it home, I discovered the shocking quality of this product. The material was peeling of the back and stand, the paint work looks like it's been done by a toddler with a crayon, and the general quality of the product is just disgraceful.I would advise in future you review the quality of the products for sale in your resort shops, to avoid further disappointment. Your shabby photo frame ruined what was supposed to be a romantic gesture. Well done disney. This is not a review of the restaurants and hotel, I have done those separately. The park as a whole has some good rides but during our trip we encountered many rude guests and some rude staff. Queuing was disorganised and made more stressful than necessary, with many people pushing in front. When we were stepping off of thunder mountain my partner was grabbed on the shoulder and shoved hard enough to stumble, by a cast member. My partner was merely stepping of the ride as instructed and did not do anything to warrant being physically moved. It has always been my understanding and belief that members of staff, anywhere not just disney, should not physically touch guests outside of character interactions and playful gestures. This also meant that we became separated for a moment as he had been pushed in amongst the other people leaving, leaving me behind. The park could be good if it was not full of rude people. We took our 5 year old daughter for a 4 day trip to Disneyland Paris. She did enjoy it, but even she found the queuing challenging. 2 hours plus to see the Princess Palace and average ques of 1 & 1 2 hours for most other rides was common place. The costs are extremely high for food and drink and the quality extremely poor. 14 euros for a hot dog (cold) & fries plus long waits even though the ques seemed manageable. Queueing for car park entry, queuing for bag search, queuing for entry to the park and queuing for just about everything. On our last day we only managed one attraction and lunch. The rest was   you guessed it   Queuing! Even the 5 year old complained 'but we've only done one thing!'We saw no characters walking around the park in the four days we spent there.The park was clean ish but most alarming was the fact that the car parks were not illuminated at night. Maybe 10,000   cars and families walking around in the pitch black did not feel very safe and an accident waiting to happen. There were lights installed but not switched on. Shame on you Disney!On the plus side the parade was good   but far from great. The night time illumination and fire works were great and almost worth waiting for. The Pirates of the Caribbean ride was excellent fun.in Summary if you enjoy queuing and spending extortionate amounts of money of awful food then this is the place for you! Advise: If you can then save for Florida as there is no way an American audience would put up with the horror that is Disneyland Paris.My husband and I visited Disneyland Paris from the 27th   30th December 2014 with our two children aged 2 and 7. We had never been before, and will never go again!!!! We queued for 3 hours for crushes coaster and the mine train and they weren't even the longest queues in the park. Far to busy, they should limit the amount of tickets sold. I thought that the characters would be walking around the park but no, that's another thing you had to queue for (about 20 30 mins) for a photo. Its really not fair on the children, what a waste of money! I can safely say that its not a magical experience and more of a money making machine.I traveled with young teens to celebrate new year. We went via coach innovations that was a wowcher deal. On arrival at the park at 9am after a four hour drive from Calais we thought we would be able to get a breakfast or something decent to eat. Wrong !!! Coffee and muffins were all that was available. We knew it would be busy but didn't expect the crowds we did. A fair few of the larger attractions were broken and out of order. Other rides were up to two hour queuing time. The parks do not cater food outlets for the intake of people. And the choice is stale burgers and fries which is cooked and sat under heat lamps costing 13 euro!!! A small cup of coffee is 2.50 euro. There were a few restaurants but you had to book which we didn't know about. It's really showing signs of wear and tare and old looking. Cracked pavements flaking paint etc. The parades were worth watching. And the only thing you didn't have to que for although the crowds were 10 and more people deep. I made the habit of comparing our visit to one we made to Florida a few years ago. Which to be honest I would say save and go there instead. I was really let down as you expect the whole disney thing to be more magical. The minimal staff that you see floating about are rude and can't be bothered talking to you. The fire work display at nite was average nothing spectacular. Only when I returned did I find out how much debt the parks in Paris are.Went for 4 days over New Year for a magical break turned into more of a nightmare.Queued for rides for over an hour (some had 2 hour queues) then to be told ride had broken down and your herded out of the line up, this happened 3 times to us on New years eve by 2pm had not been on 1 ride!! Food all across the park is the same and awful. you have a choice of pizza, hot dogs, burger or chicken nuggets, all cheaply made and tasteless.Too say the park is expensive is an understatement you just feel your being ripped off. 2 x very small hot drinks and the equivalent of 1 happy meal of chicken nugget and fries was 13 Euros! water, coke all 3 Euro's and bottled not in cups. No characters walking around only in selected spots and then queues of over an hour to have a photo taken (glad I didn't take kids!) The castle display on New years eve was a big let down very poor hardly any fireworks, the display on New years day at 10pm was 100 times better! Bizarre!! I have read some of the other reviews of people who went over new year and I have to agree its sad to say the French have got it soooo wrong! the staff have bad attitudes, grumpy service, smoking and on mobile phones is common across the park.Trying to book a restaurant on New years eve took nearly two hours, passed from pillar to post eventually told after an hour of queuing in two separate locations that I have to call a central number for any restaurant even in the village, then spent 30 minutes hanging on the phone to book a table in the steak restaurant in the village. I was then asked to pay upfront 170 euro's per head for steak and chips in a school dinner hall, Rip Off? I think so, I declined the booking. Overall very disappointing visit, the French have missed the point of Disney having been to Disney land in Florida twice I can judge. Its worlds apart. Personally I would say for what this cost save your money and go to Florida its beyond compare in every way. If you do want to go or have booked here's some tips.Eat in the village 5 6pm no queues, at 7 8pm you will join queues of over a two hour wait out the restaurant into the village. Drinks in the sports bar in the village are reasonably priced for the venue, ie bottle of Frexinet 25 euro'sWrap up warm this time of year especially your feet, no where to warm up and you get cold very quickly standing around in queues for hours on end with no heaters. Wear thermal socks, hats and scarfs and lots of layers. Fill up on breakfast and try to skip lunch in the park its awful and a rip off.If its busy get to park early and find the machines near each ride where you put in your park ticket in and get issued a fast pass to come back later, you can do this once on every ride and may save you queuing for hours on end. Hope this helps.Park was rammed I visit Disney most years at the beginning of December. This year it was very evident how scaled back everything was Smaller and less fantastic parades. The same parade 3 times a day and very few characters in the park. Equally my kids used to love seeing the characters in the hotels at breakfast this was stopped in October I was told. I think they need to remember that Disney can be magical but I have to say this year didn't feel that way at allThe biggest advice I have from our recent trip is to make reservations for meals. We walked up to the oriental buffet expecting to be seated, and were told to return in 90 min for our reservation. We rolled with it and had a very nice lunch. We then thought we would get ahead of things and make our reservation for dinner. When we arrived, the line to make a reservation was SO LONG I thought people were waiting to enter to eat. We skipped it and returned at 7 pm. We waited for 30 min, but no one was seated without a reservation in that time. The line beside us of people WITH reservations barely moved. We tried a second restaurant, but they were fully booked as well. We gave up and went to the  deli  spent too much money on too little food, and looked for a place to sit. There wasn't one. So we walked out, and found a few tables, where we sat in the cold and watched the snowflakes fall.  I wish we had known there were restaurants just outside the gate near the train station. All in all, while Disneyland Paris is very much like Orlando in many respects service isn't one of them.Travelled here in December 2014 with my little girl, parents and two friends. It was supposed to be magical for my little girl. On our first night (we were there only a few hours!) we went for some food in the Plaza Gardens restaurant where you are directed to leave your buggy in the designated Area. When we came back after our meal we discovered my little girls buggy had been stolen!I Immediately reported this at county hall, to which staff informed me unfortunately it does happen. I was left to carry my little girl around the next day whenever she was tired or pay to rent a buggy even though we were the victims of crime. They offered no help and it was down to me to check in for updates or information. I walked to the police station to report the theft which took over 3 hours before I was dealt with, then onto Val de Europe where I had to purchase a new buggy. I also purchased a lock and whenever I had to leave the buggy I locked it to barriers. I would strongly recommend anyone travelling with a buggy to bring a lock and do the same. There are a lot of people doing it so you won't look out of place.The staff were horrendous and of no help at all other then telling me 'unfortunately this happens but we can't do anything to stop it' I am still waiting on a reply the past number of weeks having lodged a complaint So if you want to save yourself the hassle and keep your buggy safe, lock it! I wish I had this info before I travelled. I referred to these pages a lot before I left. We lost a whole day in the park due to no buggy,police station and shopping centre not to mention the extra cash spent on the buggy.Just back from Euro Disney Paris had two days at the parks, over crowded pushing all the time no manners at all, my 10 year old was pushed thumped and that was only walking to rides that was between 100 mins to 120 mins wait to get on,we waited for 40 mins in the freezing cold to go on buzz light year to be told that there was technical problems the ride is closed, but this seemed to be happening a lot, the fast pass wasn't any better same thing between 40 to 45 min wait and as for the disney characters well the parade came from the castle and went in the opposit direction from where we were standing waiting for 20 mins again all freezing, ye maybe wrong time of the year to go, but didn't expect to wait for up to 2 hrs to get on the ride that are ment to be for family's . if your up for queuing well this is your holiday, you have to que for everything from coffee 30 mins to the toilets 30mins the parks are too small for the amount of people going through there gates and the rides can't copeWe are regular visitors to Disneyland Paris at Christmas and invest a lot in the experience. The parks can look fantastic, really festive. But the magic spell has broken. So have many of the rides   the big attractions   are constantly being closed for  technical reasons . And the parks can no longer take the number of people who seem to still want to go there. And I'm not talking about people like us, who travel from abroad who stay in the 4 star hotels, eat in the top restaurants... no, the parks are now full to breaking point because of the Annual Passport that local people are able to buy. These passports cost less than    200. Use it just 5 times and every visit you make to the park from then on, is free. So we high paying visitors are forced to queue   for rides, restaurants, toilets, even entrance to the park   with local people who are paying nothing. They may just show up on a sunny day and queue for two hours for one ride, and then go home. Because they don't have to stay all day to get their money's worth as it's all free for them. On this our 17th successive year here at Christmas, five of the main attractions broke   including Thunder Mountain   and some visitors weren't told about the breakdowns until they had been queueing for almost an hour. And nobody was ever told when the breakdown might be fixed. Last year, 2013, Thunder Mountain broke while we were on the ride and we had to be escorted out through underground emergency tunnels. And it's not just the parks and rides that are broken. We stay in the 4 star New York Hotel   and on our first morning we were told we couldn't eat breakfast in our usual restaurant and had to be shoved into a noisy diner with no windows, because a business convention was using our regular restaurant privately. It took strong complaint to get that reversed the next day. Then for two nights we tried to book the New York Hotel's Manhattan restaurant for dinner. First night we were told we had to eat at 7.30pm because they were fully booked after that. When we got there it was only half full and never filled up. The second night we were told there was only a table for two left. So we took that and four of our party had room service. When the two of us got to the restaurant, we again found it half empty. When we complained we were told we could invite the rest of our family after all   but it was too late. Room service had already been ordered.In our room in the New York, the two sinks blocked on two occasions, and the toilet blocked on one occasion. Back to the parks, and queues for the restaurants were spilling out into the streets. On our last day our bag full of valuables was stolen from us. I don't think families on holiday for a magical experience would do that kind of thing. That kind of criminal behaviour is for people who are in and out of there fast.The magic has gone from Disneyland Paris. The Disney people, who are so protective of their brand in every other way, should do something about it.Visited here with two adults and two children (7 and 4). After paying    15 for parking we were greeted with a huge queue. We managed to get in after twenty minutes if waiting and were greeted by a second, larger queue. Thirty minutes later we arrived inside. Another    15 and we hired a buggy. The park was so packed you could barely walk or move. I spent all day in a queue for something. Queue for the toilet, queue for a drink, queue for food and finally rides. Well what a disappointment! There aren't enough in the park to keep kids happy and going all day. They need more smaller rides and bigger ones. Two roller coaster for his sized park is not enough.Some rides you had to wait for over 2 hours. The fast track system doesn't work. You can get one and then another after you use it, But some fast track tickets were for 8.30 at night when it was 11am! Ridiculous. I spent the day smelling people's cigarette smoke. , as did my children. Why can't they have areas for smokers? In three days we seen two Disney characters walking around and you couldn't approach them or have all photo. I did however see the frozen characters and Parade over and over and over and over. Don't they realise not every child likes frozen? They need more characters waking around for photo ops, not one station with yet another queue to wait for a picture. Staff are either very friendly or majorly miserable! Now for the food. Two slices if pizza, two muffins, two drinks and two packets if crisps,    36!!!!! This park is seriously money hungry. Prices are ridiculous. We spent the whole day disappointed, and frustrated. I would never ever return to this place not would I recommend anyone visit. All that hard work saving for a magical trip and we couldn't have been more disappointed! On another disappointing note; we paid   500 for four people for four days. Only to chat to some fellow frustrated park goers and discovered a year ticket for an adult is   139 and a child   39. So we could of paid less and come for 365 days!!!! I am so extremely disappointed with Disney, the whole experience was dire!The Park looked lovely, the staff were friendly. But really I spent the day in a series of long queues, for food, for rides, for the bathroom, in shops. It was so crowded it was difficult to walk places. Some rides had queues of over 2 hours. And yes I know I could have bought a fast pass but why should I have to pay twice to go on the rides? Also, in the queues, a lot of the time we were next to French people smoking, despite the no smoking signs. I feel like Disneyland is really more like any other theme park as opposed to being similar to Disneyworld in Florida. We tried to make the best of the day but I really wouldn't go again. I can stand outside doing nothing for free at home.After paying for 3 days at the park and 3 nights In an associated nearby hotel, we left after 1 day. Awful awful.75minute queues for 2 minute rides. Rides were old and rough. Fast pass option hardly worth the effort as you can only have 1 active at a time. We did 3 rides by 3.30pm. Awful. So so disappointing. We skipped the hotel and headed back to paris for an extra few nights . I felt sad for all the families who had saved hard to be there and promised their kids a good time. I did not see anyone smiling all day. Poor customer service and rude staff on the rides, in the restaurants and in the shops. The toilets are disgusting. Also the whole park is getting tatty.This is my third visit, spaced out over 15 years, I have also visited Disney in Florida. The Disneyland Park in Paris is now a disgrace to the Disney brand.if you are disabled, or with a disabled person, this is nothing like Disney USA, in Paris they don't care. You have to get a pass from City Hall to show you are  special  which we were told you show and will be escorted to the appropriate entrance for each ride, there are no bookings. Ride 1' Buzz Lightyear, standing next to the disabled access sign, we were told there was no entry for disabled, I pointed at the sign, only to be told,  we are too busy...  Ride 2, Pirates of the Caribbean, you can can in if you have booked a reservation, not what we were told at City Hall,  they are wrong... You have to book.  So no ride here either. Finally, Ride 3, It's a small world,  do you have a reservation?   No, where do I book?   here at 8 am tomorrow.   But the park doesn't open until 9!  Glum look from unhelpful staff.For the Wild West Show, we checked what the arrangements were for disabled guests, we were advised to be there promptly at the 5:30 pm opening and we would be assisted. At the appointed time we arrived, to be told to wait next to a open door in a windy passage until 6:20 pm when everyone else was in, then we had to find a different person to finally take use to a dir rent place to get our seats. Again, terrible customer service and support. By the way a great show and great food, terrible event staff, even after checking and following their advice.So no help, no support, no friendliness, no caring attitude and customers who obviously just get in the way. We never intend to come back as these are the most uncaring staff ever.By way of a footnote, our hotel staff at the Sequoia Lodge were excellent model Disney staff, as they should be.I wouldn't bother visiting Disneyland Paris again, pay the extra money and got to the Florida parks. If you're coming from the UK go to Alton Towers which is great and has good stuff for kids.We queued for ages just to get in, we had coupons that we'd booked in advance and that queue was still enormous. Then we queued for ages just to get our bags searched. All the rides had queues of 90 mins and when getting fastpass tickets, loads of the machines were broken which meant just getting those took ages.We ordered food whilst we were there, burger, chips, drink and magnum that all tasted like they were left out for ages. The rides were good but the staff had no enthusiasm whatsoever.Won't be going back, definitely don't go if you have young kids. I feel sorry for parents that have spent all that money,I thought disneyland paris was disgraceful. Everyone who has been to the real thing in the USA will feel cheated. In particular 1. There is a complete lack of staff in the park. When you find a person they were unable to help e.g. when we asked what attractions were open. 2.Tnhey open the park at 8:00 am for hotel gusts but there are very few attractions open until the opening time of 9:30. There is a lack of musician and shows. 3. The Xmas parade was pathetic and was far too short4. Most of the figures in the rides e.g small world and pirates look like was works and lack the realism of the characters in the us. Obviously differently made. The long queues are boring there is nothing to look at when you go around the aisles. 5. The attractions are far shorter in duration and some e.g. small world lack a lot of scenesIn all I was very disappointed. If I was paid to go I would never set foot in that place again. On the positive side the hotel new york was very good apart from the buffet breakfast   powdered scrambled eggs need I say more?Where do I startPaid 1000 Euros for one night in New York Hotel Club RoomThese are my commentsNew York Hotel Swimming pool so deep you can   t stand up anywhere on steps at either endExtra Magic hours     hardly anything openPrincess Pavilion     expected to wait 4 hours to meet princesses     no allowance for VIP Fastpass holdersPeter Pan ride broke down so never got onto itStar Tours Ride Broke down     had to move to a different PortBought Christmas Present for Son     you didn   t have a carrier bag or even anything to wrap it in big enough so had to get it refundedSmoking     disgraceful   smoking everywhere, how can you do this as Disney Brand     we encourage SmokingMiserable staff     is it that hard for anyone to smile   no ideaNo longer doing character breakfast in Club roomsNo Characters at all in hotels any more     new policyThe issue with Disney land is Paris, staff are rude Parisians, they have no concept of the magic of Disney.At least the children are young enough not to noticeWe have just returned from a two day trip to Disney. There was a group of seven of us, four adults and three children. We have never experienced anything so terrible in our lives! In two days the children went on THREE rides. We kept queuing and the rides kept breaking down. No one was helpful and a lot of staff seemed bored and looked unhappy. The food was terrible and after you've paid    20 for a burger and Chips you don't expect them to be cold and inedible. The fast pass tickets were a con. We went to the Peter Pan ride when we eventually got into the park on the first day, after queuing for ages again, to use our fast passes. We got to the ride at about 11 and couldn't book the fast pass ride until 5.30! On Sunday we queued for an hour and a half for the nemo roller coaster in the freezing cold. We got to nearly the front and 'due to technical problems the ride had to close'. We heard this phase over and over again over the two days. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND GO TO THIS AWFUL PLACE! I could go on and on about the poor service, terrible food, bad experiences and huge expense but I think you get the message that we had a very bad time.This place is in what appears to be a terminal decline.Crush, Aerosmith, Thunder Mountain, Indiana Jones, Peter Pan, Pinnocchio, Flying Carpets, Carousel, Dumbo......a list of great rides?....er...no.That is a list of rides that broke down not just while we were there but while we were actually queuing to get on them!The staff at DIsneyland Paris quite simply could not care less.My guess would be that their productivity levels are less than 10 percent.As a result the customer experience is utterly woeful.Don't expect to be told that the rides are broken. You have to work it out yourself. The staff simply don't care enough to tell you.Do expect to be denied access to most of the park until 10:00. Don't expect all of the rides to have been tested and ready to run at 10:00 though. Oh no. You have to queue while that is done.If you have extended access then you can get into a small proportion of the park at 8:00 where you will find that the rides have already started to break down!The loudspeaker announcements still oversell the experience massively but in fairness unlike Florida where you will be wished a fantastic time or the best experience or a great day; in Paris they offer you a pleasant day.Of course you won't have a pleasant day because customer service vanished at this attraction just as if it was the victim of a witches spell.My simple message to anyone thinking of visiting this decaying attraction is simple. Don't.My message to Disney is that this attraction is seriously damaging your brand.It needs a turn around specialist to either motivate or dismiss and replace the existing staff.With the right leadership, some investment and a free rein to performance manage the staff this place could be rescued. In fact it would be a good managerial challenge.For the time being though if you want some Disney go to Florida. By the time you factor in the cheaper food and accommodation you may not even pay very much more.Everything is shabby, old and not functioning.If you've ever visited the Disneyland in USA or Japan, you'll be surprised how lower the quality is.Many stalls and attractions were closed that it gives very sad atmosphere.This park absolutely needs the renovation at least re painting.There was very few characters in the park, too few absolutely.The Fast tickes points were not functioning, absolutely unacceptable.Very rude stuffs who explains very arrogant.Restaurants and shops are all too expensive.People who is planning to go there, please change your plan to Orlando.went on 27th of november, the park was full to the brim.took my 5 year old for her first magical Disney experience , in the whole 8 hours we were there she got on one ride ! we stood inline for the peter pan ride for 2 and a half hours got to the front about to get on the ride and my daughter needed to use the bathroom, the poor thing was in distress, the ride attendant told us we could come right back to the front of the queue. so off we sent to the toilet came back went up the fast pass lane like we were told to do so to be told buy the fast pass attendant that we couldn't skip the queue just because our daughter had wanted to use the toilet ! we explained what had happen but the attendant was having none of it, he would not even speak to the ride attendant who said we could go back to the front, we then had to queue a further 2 hours again! 4 and a half hours total to get on a ride. thanks for ruining the magical experince DISNEY! what makes me even more angry is the lack of sympathy you get from these money grabbing giants. as long as they have your money they don't care!This is one of the most horrendous experience i have ever had. What a waste of time and money. We were looking forward to a magical disney experience but just ended up feeling drained and stressed. It took us two hrs to get on one thrill ride, which really was pathetic. Really young Kids were allowed on the ride and no staff member seemed to care about the height restriction. The so called fast tracking was was pointless as you ended up queuing anyway and most were closed by midday, which was a complete joke. People were queuing for up to two hrs to get on a ride. The over crowding was plain to see and was a complete fire and safety issue. Also adults were smoking constantly in the park whether it was in toliets, restaurants and through the park itself, aswell as standing in the queues. Never mind being bad for kids, i ended up coughing and my clothes were stinking of smoke. The non smoking policy is ignored by staff and customers. Many rides aswell had techincal faults which made the queues even longer. Not once did we see staff dressed up as disney characters, no show, nothing. Everyone seemed miserable and stressed. We didnt see one smiling face unless it was a relief to get on a ride and even then it was forced as all the enjoyment had been taking out of it. We had enough and went and complained at the city hall building. We asked for a refund but were told we had to write an email. To make it up to us they give us five rides, and they promised if we went and showed the ' special' ticket to the guy at the exit of each ride then he would get us through without waiting in line. Three out of three rides i guess wasnt bad. The other two we still queued for about twenty mins. We couldnt wait to leave as we were hungry to but restaurants to had long queues and alot were closed. Never again. Avoid avoid avoid!!!We have just returned from EuroDisney and was appalled at how badly run it was   Having visited when the attraction first opened I swore that I would never go again given that the service was so bad, but as MGM had recently opened thought it may have improved   How wrong I was!!!Not only were the cost of the tickets for children outrageous C.  100 per child but the Park and Restaurants were incredibly expensive. I cannot fathom how Disney can legislate such high ticket prices for children when given the height restrictions they cannot go on all the rides   Indeed even the Children's menu in the Disney Village was outrageous at a cost of E15   ridiculous. I am not being sour but there is no compensation as it is nothing like the magical feeling you get in America and very drab by way of comparison. I would say for any English speaking families to avoid this destination and go somewhere else   Clacton would be better and the fish and chips a fraction of the price!!!Seriously I have never been so disappointed   Perhaps I expected too much but rest assured I will never go again.I would deter any young family from visiting EuroDisney unless you speak French, like meeting rude people and can afford to spend thousands.4 day break over Halloween for 12 people. Stayed in The Disneyland Hotel.Fast track passes not usable between 1pm and 4pm, fine but also only usable in half hour slots depending on the ride! waste of money.Characters no where to be found in the park.Food facilities in park terrible.Too many people not enough attractions resulting in epic 2 hour queuing for some rides.Very little rides for younger children.The hotel restaurants.... Rubbish service but characters do visit.And to top it all of.. BEWARE thieves operate in this hotel. They can enter your room. They stole jewellery from my parents room. We were not the only ones effected by this.BEWARE tempers in que's when youngsters jump in. We saw a lady get hurt by crushing against barrier as youth's pushed in, her husband decided best thing to do was thump all 6 youth's to the ground in front of many families with young children! Staff did nothing!Member of disney staff bumped into my 6 year old and knocked her over in Main Street. No apology just grief from him as I pointed out what he did.WE DID NOT FEEL THE MAGIC. EXPENSIVE RIP OFF ALL ROUND!!WHAT. A. RIP. OFF.My family (two adults, three children) had all been looking forward to visiting Eurodisney and had accepted the 60 euro cost of return travel from the centre of Paris where we had been staying.On arrival, we willingly accepted the 341 euro cost of entry (one park one day) (2 x 73 euros plus 3 x 65 euros).Considering we arrived at 10.30am, and left at 6.30pm, can you guess how many individual rides we managed to accumulate between us? (By 'ride', if all five of us went on Space Mountain, that amounts to 5 rides, however if all five of us walked around the less than thrilling 'Swiss Family Robinson' tree house, that also amounts to 5 rides)Well, in total, over 8 hours, we managed just 33 rides between us i.e. average cost of each ride worked out at more than 10 euros and to be honest, some of those 'rides' should not be considered as such. OK, I grant you that Space Mountain and the Indiana Jones ride (50 minute queue which my daughter (and consequently her mother) could not go on as she was too short by a few cm) were both very good, the ghostly mansion was OK (60 minute queue) and Pirates of the Caribbean (40 minute queue).I accept that there is a 'Fast Pass' option which got us onto Space Mountain in just 8 minutes, however as there are understandably only a limited number of Fast Pass tickets each day, there are only six rides in the whole park where the Fast Pass tickets apply, and as you are only allowed to be in possession of one Fast Pass ticket at any time, this does mean that the majority of your day is still going to be spent in heinously long queues. In fact, by 3pm, the advertised times that you can use any new Fast Pass tickets are too late for the average family that intended to be on their way home by 6.30pm.I accept also that the school holiday is obviously going to be busier, but for Disney to not lower prices to take account of the heinous queues is SCANDALOUS PROFITEERING. In fact, there were FAR more people wandering around than were actually queueing up for rides. And where do they wander to? To the inordinate number of overpriced restaurants, cafes and refreshment stops hosted by bored looking and impolite staff   that's where.I appreciate also that we could have come along in the evening or stayed longer, when there would have been fewer people around, however with youngish children, this isn't really an option.NOTE   we did not see one single picnic area in the whole park   they clearly want you to buy expensive food and drink from their outlets   but some of us (particularly as one of my children is allergic to several foodstuffs) would prefer to bring our own sustenance.Indeed, rather than knocking down some of these outlets and building more rides from the massive profits that they are clearly making, Disney seem to have a lacklustre approach to their hardworking and far less rich customers. Many of the 'attractions' at Eurodisney are tired reproductions of the attractions in the Florida park and should be updated modernised replaced.All in all, I feel like I have been totally ripped off by the whole experience   we spent more than half of our 8 hours there in queues and went on 7 different attractions in total, the only one of which that truly brought smiles all round being Space Mountain.So, Disney, please stop being so bloomin' lazy reaping huge profits and ripping off your customers, and make your 'attractions' attractive again.In two days, FOUR rides we were in queues for broke down. The staff gave no information, but only shrugged that  these things happen . No, they don't. Only at EuroDisney. It's never happened at the other Disney parks. FOUR times (that we know of) is a real record.There were long queues for everything, including getting Easy Pass tickets, and Easy Pass entry! Most of the rides had a minimum of a 60 minute wait, even the really short rides for young children, like Peter Pan's Flight and Les Voyages de Pinocchio, which last about 2 minutes. My kids always take part in the Pin Trading program. That has always alleviated the tedium of walking and waiting all day long. But at EuroDisney, you were hard pressed to find anyone wearing their pins on a lanyard. The couple of people we found who were wearing them looked really put off about having to trade! I'm talking about Disney cast members!!! One of them said she would only trade if the pin was part of the same series in her collection! They have completely missed the idea of the Pin Trading program!!! (The idea is that cast members have to trade. Note: if you work at Disney simply don't wear your favourite pins!)It was my daughter's birthday, and I cannot imagine a better way to feel anonymous and un special. We paid for the Mickey Caf   character breakfast and when we sat down, Mickey and all the main characters left!!! The second tier characters came out: Eeyore, Chip and Dale, Pluto...And it took them ages to get to us. We had finished eating and were just waiting to at least meet a couple of them for our trouble! What a rip off!! Is it really so hard, Disney, to make sure that someone in a Mickey costume is present at all times at the Mickey Caf  ??? Something else you don't get at other Disney Parks   millions of chain smoking customers. The dangers of second hand smoke have not reached these people, who do not hesitate to puff smoke on their OWN babies, and certainly on your children. Of course, there isn't much Disney can do about that.We had a buffet dinner at the Plaza Gardens, where I was able to order a cake, and they did a beautiful job there. It was a very nice cake and the waiters sang Joyeuse Anniversaire. It wasn't a total loss. We also had very nice weather. But if I have to go to a Disney Park again, it won't be this one. Walt is rolling in his grave.On 31 10 eurodisney has a haloween event from 7 to 10 we where in the park on that day after paying a lot of money for a day ticket so we thought we would be able to take part.Had dinner in the blue lagoon from 5.15 to 7.30 after terrible slow service and a 160 euro bill we came out and went to go on the ride next door only to find a load of jobsworths had been drafted in everywhere asking to see your wristband this came as a shock as for the last twodays we had trouble finding any eurodisney staff We where informed that it was a event you had to pay 30 euros each for after saying ok still in a bit of shock we where told it was sold out and to get out of the park we asked if the Warner park was open and where told no.We made our way to the exit and tryed to get in a shop to buy some overpriced crap only to find a wristband inspector on the door again who said non.We found out the Warner park was open after all so went in there but missed the parade if this had been made clear to us on this day we would have brought a event ticket and not a day ticket and saved a lot of money i feel they are trying to get two lots of money for one day as a day ticket costs a lot already so if you want to take yuor kids away beaware of this moneymakeing scheme.I would recommend people to consider very carefully before booking their tickets before they go here.If you have an email for passes you will have to queue for one and a half hours at least to get your disney passes.Fastpasses are a waste of time because you have to wait at least four hours to get your allotted time.The queues were appalling,and in two days we never seen one disney princess.Information centre is rubbish there.If you really want to go wait till you get to your hotel for disney tickets they work out much cheaper.Oh and by the way it is severely understaffed and the toilets were vile.We drove and got to the park at 10:30 then waited 1 hour to buy a ticket for both parks for 2 adults and 3 teenagers. This cost over 400 euros. When we eventually got in at midday none of the fast passes were working so it was between one and two hours queuing on the big rides. Some rides were broken. We left at 7 and had gone on 4 rides. The staff were nothing like American Disney staff, the rides weren't even as good, loads of people smoked. Do not go here if you get the chance go to Florida it doesn't compare. Who decided that paying over 50 pounds to spend 7 hours of the day in queues and 30 minutes on rides. Stopping occasionally to pay huge prices for the worlds most dissapointing coffee and snacks.Staff were nothing special and the cost of everything was so over the top I gave up converting prices to sterling as it was depressing me.This place lacks the majic of watching a disney film. Trying to recreate this and be involved in it failed massivly. It was a massive, expensive waste of time. Saying that, the kids loved it and my wife really enjoyed it too.But one of the worst aspects was how many people were smoking. The smell of Smoke and popcorn will always remind me of this place. I know the rules are different in France, but wow, what a message to send to my kids!having been to california and florida many times we kind of thought we knew what to expect.....how wrong we were! the staff where appauling, rude and innatentive, a very laissez faire attitude to the paying customers and boy did we pay! i cant remember being anywhere this expensive over 3 euros for a coke and about the same for water. on the plus side the weather was good! The worst point about the park and i cant blame disney for this was just how rude the french guests were, they have never heard of queuing and the fight to get to the front was beyond belief and the the fact they do not care makes it even worse. I'm an ex rugby player but viewing parades was akin to some of the toughest scrums ive ever been in. the park staff just stood and watched like it was a sport of some kindon a number of occaisions we heard the park staff muttering under there breath, and in general it was the older park staff, not the younger ones. luckily i do speak some french which proved invaluable as there was a real reticence to engage with customers. My top tip is dont go, save up a bit and go to florida or california where the experience is so much better and will leave happy lasting memories whereas disneyland paris left a bad taste and an empty bank account!We had tickets for 4 days and only spent a total of 2 days in both parcs as it really was a miserable experience. Got stuck on Thunder mountain for an hour after queueing for an hour had to be rescued out only to be given a fast track ticket which I still have. Queued for Michael Jackson X0 only to be told it had broken down. Watched tourists jump barriers whilst staff just watched one family even lifted their buggy over a fence and climbed over to secure a place on the parc train. Moving travelators to get in and out of the park were broken. The best part about the whole holiday was Disney Village which is free to enter had a nice evening watching entertainment in the sunshine. The staff was rude, bad Servis, and they didn't like to speak English. I ask for popcorn and they give form the bothom because I didn't speak france..We visited Disneyland Paris on Sunday 12 and Monday, October 13th 2014 Too bad the whole weekend there were many technical faults at the attractions . Very long lines and fastpas tickets that were issued in the morning though . Furthermore, the toilets were dirty. For a Ben and Jerry ice stood 25 minutes in line. Also, there it was in fact very dirty. I will definitely recommend anyone to go to Disneyland Paris. Very expensive tickets, a waste of youre money.Absolutely disgusted with service. Called to book holiday for next year today and cannot believe what we have been told. We explained we wanted to stay in the Davy Crockett Ranches and would be bringing a folding camper. We were told we could park this on a car park. Called back later to confirm details who then told us it would cost   16 per night to park which was fair enough. Called back later to book and we were then told they couldn't accommodate the camper and that in the whole time Disney had been open they had NEVER had this request before. This absolutely cannot be true. We don't want to camp we want to stay in the Disney accommodation then continue our holiday afterwards. How can this have never been requested before??? we want to book before October 15th to benefit from latest offer. UTTER RUBBISH!!!!We go to Disneyland (Anaheim) every year and were so excited about seeing Disneyland in France. WHAT A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!I just read that Paris Disneyland wants billions of Euros to fix the park. It needs it. The grounds around It   s a Small World need maintenance   there were weeds! The rest of the park didn't improve much more. The sound tracks on the rides were set really quiet and were difficult to hear. It almost made you feel that it wasn   t about the Disney experience; it was just about the rides. (Then, remove the Disney name and let France run the park!) It was    not the happiest place on earth.    It   s hard to believe it   s even Disneyland! There was no music or entertainment; no excitement to be there! There were no MM Ears; really! Paris is too good to have MM Ears. There is very little to buy in the shops; mostly, princess costumes and accessories.Walt Disney Studios is a total waste...there's about two rides worth riding.Found it very difficult to get around Disneyland or to try out the attractions due to restricted accessibility. The website gives information about disabled persons having priority accessing attractions. This meant waiting in a queue to be given a time to come back to the attraction. Our visit was worsened when confronted by a very rude staff member who claimed we were late for our ride and we have to return later this despite me standing in the line for 20 minutes. Other attractions, we were told when we arrived at the attraction, had to be booked at 10am in the morning, again no prior warning via website or guest services about this. Sorry, cannot recommend the park to anyone.A dump is a polite way of describing this place!Basically they clearly don't care. The place is filthy, the rides seem like they're run by people who have never run them before as they're so slow and disorganised. This is no comparison to Florida and not even remotely close. This place is awful, no other word for it, extortionate prices, horrendous value, terrible food provision, general poor organisation, yes children love it but they do not see it for the practical issues it brings.Our visit with parking cost   243 for one day in two parks, over 12 hours in the 2 parks and 8 rides later     30 per ride, I will never complain about uk funfairs again. Queuing for 40 70 minutes for most rides, when working or fully operational is unacceptable, we waited 30 minutes for one ride, It then broke, we persisted a further 15 minutes then abandoned it. Every ride we went on had one carriage or a similar impediment to being fully operational. Staff whilst generally helpful and bilingual did not use much haste in keeping things moving. Near feral behaviour or parents of very nation, which was the most embarrassing aspect of the whole visit, did not help and queue jumping sneaking past was common place, seeing grown adults run to a ride to beat 2 children to a flying dumbo was shameful. Smoking in the park should also be banned as this was quite problematic for my pregnant wife waiting as we queued for rides dodging herds of heavy smokers crowding around rides, come on Disney, get with the 21st century and consider the Health of kids, smoking parents...unlucky. Even after rides walking to exits I had to dodge parents lighting up as soon as they stepped off. The end of the day saw diversions around the castle due to the fireworks display preparations and finding your way back in the dark was just hoping to follow the crowd and hope they knew the way, direction finding in the dark is almost impossible to the new visitor. We came across two staff indicating with cyalumes initially then no more help. Food provision whilst widespread was generally not suitable for children and again queues were just too long even outside peak times, we ended up at plaza gardens and I can comfortably say in my 46 years of travelling around the world (in the RAF) I can honestly say this was my worst dining experience ever. The international buffet was far from that, it was a mix of food that could not be known till you got in and paid. We expected a jimmy spices type experience, how wrong we were, all you can eat and drink (soft drinks) for    75 for two adults and one child was exorbitant, no other way to put it. Quite why reservations are ever made At this place I will never understand, without one we got in after 30 minutes and the buffet platter menu above the platter providing a key to the food did not match at all. We were shown by a waiter to a table and he swept off crumbs with his hand as we approached, food choice was abysmal and two serveries quickly became one, a cheese board just disappeared and the same feral parents from the rides jumped queues to grab at the fresh serving of chips as others queued to get their measly choices of gristly lamb, over cooked pasta or burnt potato gratin and we like others padded our meals out with salad that was plentiful and fresh but being avoided by most. It must be said most of the parents would have been better advised to tuck into the salads instead of the fatty food whilst the option was right in front of them. A McDonald's may have Been better, fast, known food, fair prices and better service even they do salads too. Drinks top ups were hard to secure and when surly staff could be found to do so it seemed a major inconvenience. Toilet provision for an estimated 400 seat venue amounted to; for gents, one urinal and one cubicle and an Italian man delicately squeezing his spots for some time brazenly delaying the man in front of me getting his children's hands washed after toileting, the ladies had two cubicles and stank heavily of urine and the slippery floor stains were easy to detect their origin, it seems provision of, and cleanliness of, the toilets was a side concern as both were very cramped too. Even the restaurant floors were food debris strewn beyond what could be reasonably expected, thankfully not with urine. Perhaps to be expected with the nature of many of the visitors. A request for dessert spoons...for dessert took 10 minutes to have effect. I am sure that some food outlets at eurodisney provide a fair service but my experience of plaza gardens was abysmal and it is probably not a safe, let alone enjoyable place to eat and any licensing authority reviewing it's suitability needs to assess it incognito, to see what we saw. My advice, avoid it, take all your own food, there can be little other choice.So disappointed, as a child I longed to visit Disneyland however never managed it. Now as an adult I chose to take my 2 children. There is pretty much no positive points from our trip. The park itself looks dated and run down, many of the rides frequently broke down as did the Fast Pass ticketing system. The rides themselves are extremely dated, perhaps impressive when the park opened by modern standards they are a bit embarrassing. We did our research before we arrived in the park so I was prepared to queue, what I wasn't prepared for was just how much I had to queue and not just for the rides but also to check into our hotel, to get our bags searched, to get into the park, to get food, our entire 4 days felt like we were joining one queue after another. What was really disappointing what while queuing 40 mins to go on a carousel (a ride you sit on for 2 mins) there is absolutely no entertainment to keep the kids amused, also no method to leave the queue to use the toilet (which when you're catering for children standing in line for 40 mins is surely common sense). Also the size of the park is disappointing, we were told it would take days to explore them, however we had seen everything in one day.The hotel we stayed in was Hotel Cheyenne, a cowboy themed hotel. Like the rest of Disneyland is was run down and depressing. The quality of food in the restaurant was terrible and there was a distinct smell of sewage in the 'Saloon bar'. Our hotel room had a dodgy blinking light which we complained numerous times about and was never fixed, so our options were sit in a room with strobe lighting making our already Disney induced migraines even worse or sit in the dark (we chose the latter).The parks were so over crowded and everybody around us looked miserable like they just didn't want to be there. It is difficult to understand why so many people on trip adviser give Disneyland a good review.I could go on but I think you get the picture, really really disappointing. I know that anyone wanting to visit Disneyland won't change their minds from reading this review however I can only advise to stay away and spend your money on a nicer holiday. Any theme park in the UK is 100 times better then Disneyland and a fraction of the price.My wife booked a week for us to take our 2 grandchildren to disneyland. One letter In a name on our booking was wrong (just one letter) we called them to sort out this simple problem and we were told there would be a charge for this. My jaw almost fell off when they told me this would be   1,200. Yes you got it   1,200 when I ask to be put through to the complaints department I was told write a letter even when asked to have the name of the customer service director I was told that they would not give me his name and he did not talk to customers. The lady reused to give me her name and in the end she hung up on me. Disneyland Paris you should feel ashamed. I have a choice now stump up an extra   1,200 or let my grandchildren down. Hang your head in Shame disneyland hang your head in shame. PS if the customer service director reads this (he should that's part of his job) you do not talk to customer I feel you can not even begin to head up customer service if you don't talk to your customer maybe you need to look at your own position. PS I don't expect any reply but I am astonished that they feel this is in anyway a fair and justifiable charge.Staff   bored and uninterested.Rides   often breaking down.Food   ugh!Smoking   everywhere   it's a kids park for goodness sakeQueues   use fast pass or don't bother, and lots of pushing inCharacters   what characters?Pin exchange   sparse, and again uninterestedOverall experience   poorAdvice to others   save up and go to Florida.if you want to get value for money keep away from Disney land paris we have just got back and i have to say it was very dissapointing 6 of us went in 2 cars for my self and husband for one dayat oap rates 104e plus 15e to park the car then a burger 8 nuggets and 2 chip 1 drink 25.40e and the food was cold so that got put in the bin managed to get on 2 things Amageddon (rubbish) and a stunt show (very good)and that was our day done back to the hotel my daughter payed 550 for a 2 day pass tor 1child and 3 adults (over 12   adult) 15e parking per day and at leased 100e on food queing 80 mins for some rides ripp off disney comes to mind last year we went to Drayton Manor Park in oct brill midweek best trip everWe were horrified by the 'technical problems' at multiple rides in both parks which resulted in even longer delays at crowded rides. Added to this was people smoking all over the parks, including in crowded lines and restaurants and in front of cast members who ignore it, which makes the no smoking policy laughable.We have been to Disneyland parks in the US, Tokyo and Hong Kong, and feel that Paris could learn a lot from any of them. We have been to Paris Disney twice before, admittedly several years ago, and it has noticeably changed for the worse.Have always loved Disneyland Parks, but after this experience we are disillusioned and have no desire to return. A waste of our money.I don't know where to start really.. Disneyland is supposed to be a fantasyland for Children with characters and princesses in abundance.. In the 2 days I was here myself or my daughter never saw one disney character. The rides were a disgrace, the queues horrendous, the staff miserable, the organisation poor, the fast pass idea is worthless and the food was awful and expensive and slow .. It really is that bad. I live in Blackpool in the UK and The Pleasure beach at   5 admission is infinitely better. I am surprised at Disney being associated with this place... But maybe they have become a big con too. I have been to Florida and loved it and have booked to take my daughter on a Disney Cruise around the Caribbean next spring but I will be cancelling that after this experience. I have spent   1500 for a 3 day trip to this so called fantasy world .. The only good thing is that we had the option of a fourth day but declined. How on earth can it be called Disney without any characters there... Even my 6 year old was saying   Daaad can we go, this is not nice  take a good look at yourselves Disney and do yourselves a favour and get the hell away from this place.Disney need to wake up and get a conscious not subject kids to mental cruelty. Queued for 2 hours 30mins with a 7 year old and a 3 year old who I had to try to keep entertained and calm. Most kids need the toilet, refreshment or a little Disney magic during such a long period and despite waiting I'm sad to say the Rapunzel character remained out of reach. I finally had to give in to the kids and take them out of the queue when it got to 2hours 45mins!It's a very simple thing to put a human in a costume. I know the cash registers must keep ringing and thousands are in the park but there is a simple solution. Disney fat cats can save the blood, sweat and tears before bedtime and get more than one Mickey Mouse in the park to greet the thousands.Hell get 12 of them milling round the park and maybe 15 Minnies and 30 Elsas while you're at it.And for god sake why would you wait till 11pm at night to throw a firework's display and close a children's park!?! Do you really want to encourage all those crowds to waiting for a late night spectacle which will result in everyone leaving at the same time?Why do you insist on collecting for yourself a pile of broken dreams, shattered souls and poor reviews? Sort it out and grow a heart. I challenge you to solve this EuroDisaster!What a shame Disney let itself down ... We queued for over an hour for tickets to get in. Only 2 out of 6 booths were open. People were queue jumping. Not nice!Nice atmosphere and kids generally well behaved. Food appalling. No choice   only fried foods, fatty salad dressings, not very tasty & staff indifferent. Only come here if your kids are mad about Disney characters.(this is intended as an open letter to Disney)Dear DisneyAt the beginning of August, I visited Disneyland Paris with my girlfriend and a friend of us. This wasn't the first time, that I've been here. Back in 2005 and around 1997 I visited Paris and Disneyland. In 2003 I was at Disneyland in California and in the year 1995 was the first time I went to Disneyland (California as well). This summer I've also been to Europa Park in Germany, Blackpool Pleasure Beach in the UK and Alton Towers, which is also located in the UK. Besides that I've been various times to Universal Studios, Six Flags and many water parks. Just to give you an idea of how many times I've been to a theme park or similar attraction.What I've seen at the beginning of August, was just one bad experience I would like to forget as fast as possible. I was truly disappointed by what the management has made of Disneyland Paris!First of all, the park is in VERY bad shape in my opinion. There are countless places which need refurbishment. In pictures 1 7 you can see some examples. In picture 6, there is obviously something wrong with the gardening job and the various fences and handrails show, that paint jobs are desperately needed. Steel supports are rusting, everywhere. The floors are cracking open all over the place, inside and outside. Signs are in bad shape too, check out picture 8 (the one with the leg... sorry about that). What could it possibly cost to replace such a sign? It does seem to be ancient. Another example of a sign can be seen in picture 9. People are trying to peel off stickers as souvenirs. Of course this happens everywhere, but things like that need immediate replacement.Picture 10 and 11 give an idea in what condition the studio tour ride is. Image 12 and 13 show the waiting area of one of the newer rides. Some kind of sealing gasket is coming off the ceiling (it would just take a ladder to fix that...) and the lamp that can be seen in the pictures hasn't seen cleaning in ages. There is one picture which shows that refurbishment at a building is being done, which is totally ok... but does it need to be during high season in the middle of summer??Secondly, there are countless closed restaurants. See further attached pictures. I'd say about half of the restaurants and food stations were closed during the day. Mind you, we visited during high season on a Saturday! At some restaurants we got discounts that where valid at specific times in specific restaurants. However, you had to find one that was open.Third and probably the most frustrating issue was the condition of the rides. Have a look at the attached screenshots of the official Disneyland Paris app which contains the ride queue times and statuses. This is just an example of how the app was looking during that day. Space Mountain for instance, was down countless times. Also the latest attraction  Ratatouille  was barely up and running. In one of the pictures you see staff sending people away. If you had equally as much technicians, maybe your rides would be in better shape.In another picture you see an employee  posing  for me after I asked him to take a picture of him in front of a closed ride. One picture shows the empty cart of that same ride which they had to send through for an hour to test things. Fasttrack has been closed at most attractions as well during that day. We couldn't figure out a reason for that, especially since it was for attractions like  Ratatouille .The fourth thing, which was very disappointing is, that the park has been deserted of Mickey, Minnie, Pluto and all the others. We did not see a single character in the park during our 13.5 hours (!) visit to Disneyland Paris! How is something like that possible in Disneyland? Even at Blackpool Pleasure Beach they have Sponge Bob running around and Europa Park is full of various characters!What needs to be said as well, is, that the rides of Disneyland Paris are completely outdated and the newer ones are not enjoyable because of their technical issues. It seems over twenty years ago, there has been given a Disneyland to Europe and it has been kept in it's  original shape  ever since, minus the much needed refurbishment.My impression of Disney and the whole feeling I had about Disneyland has been totally destroyed. The Walt Disney Company should consider of taking away the Disney label from that park and park management should just continue running an amusement park, but this is NOT a Disneyland. It's a disgrace to all that is and especially ever has been, Disney.Last but not least it needs mentioning, that you get all this at a price of    88 whereas for example the Europa Park (which is a far superior experience) costs    41.On the positive side, this has motivated me to go to the United States in 2015 to experience the real Disney again and not this sorry excuse of what this place has become.Kind regardsa loyal Swiss Disney customerThis was my complain to Disneyland Paris which never been answered I'm writing to express my deep frustration and disappointment We visited Eurodisney on Saturday, August 9th We planned for months for this trip, My husband, my kids (3 and 4 years old) my mom and I flew all the way from Egypt to meet my brother who came from Munich and my sister who came from Zurich to meet in Paris to spend a lovely day in Disney parks.But unfortunalty our experience was very disappointing.We were trapped in the  it's a small world  ride due to a  technical problem We were stuck there for more than 20 minutes for unknown reason in that boat which is only less than half a meter always from the shore.But we were told not to move.For more than 20 minutes we were trapped and the kids and my over 60 years old mom started to panic. After  rescuing  us we were asked to stay just in front of the opened emergency exit door for unknown reason and we were not not allowed to get out of itAnd finally we were not allowed to get back immediately to the park as the parade was entering the park from this door and we had to wait until the parade is goneWe were planing to watch this parade and we promised our kids for months to see it live but we ended up watching the back of Mickey Mouse This silly incident totally ruined our trip, I was about to cry when my sons kept asking me why they couldn't see Mickey and his friends as we promised.Not only we were subjected to stress but also we missed the parade and even the fast passes we had for other attractions.Actually we filed a complain at your guest relations but they only offered us  balloons  for the kids  to make us feel better . (we even refused to take them out of frustration)We left our email and expected at least an apology letter from your side which never happensThis is not what we were expected from Eurodisney and totally unacceptedQueues too long 100 minutes! Unfriendly staff who do not smile and welcome you. Some restaurants and attractions that close down too early, 17h00 when the park is still open until 11.00pm leaving less choice and greater crowding in concentrated areas. Burgers and nuggets sold nearly everywhere now   hardly any variety in the different themed take aways unless you want to spend a fortune in the extortionately priced restaurants. The same goes for the shops   the same items for sale in almost all of the shops. The excellent tea with the Disney characters has now been eliminated. Halloween is only on one night now and you have to pay for certain things within the park such as face painting and the shooting range when you have already paid rising entry fees to get in in the first place. Sooo disappointed at this business mentality, which is killing the spirit of what Disney is all about. Walt would be turning in his ice pack!The queues were all over an hour long and we never saw any Disney characters walking around, food prices were very high and the ticket to get in was expensiveJust back from a four day trip that left two 8 year old girls very disappointed and their Mum & Granny fuming. New York Hotel Disney has no child's menu in the bar and the buffet restaurant at night churns out the exact same rubbish every night. The swimming pool has no shallow end for children to play in therefore require to be supervised all the time. We spent 3 days at the parks only managing 3 rides a day due to the time spent waiting in queues and a couple of the main rides being broken down on two of the days we were there. There were no Disney characters walking around or talking to the children, you could only do this if you paid extra for a pics with them and of course were willing to stand in yet another queue. We watched Belle practically sprinting through the park one day with her body guard ignoring everyone including the children and parents running behind her trying to get her attention. The one restaurant the kids liked because it had an indoor play area (Buzz Light year) was closed when we went back a 2nd day, no explanation. The children didn't get to see the magical parade they had seen on youtube because there were so many people there they would have had to sit on a pavement for at least 2 hours to stand any chance. The staff in general were rude and unhelpful and on one occasion I was served in a shop with a very drunk assistant, but maybe that is the best way to survive Disney Land weather working or visiting. Rant over although I will be complaining officially to the company. My advice is don't go.Not a patch on USA Disneyland. It's more like a theme park and we have better one's in UK. No good for kids over 12years old, too boring and not enough to do for older kids. Overpriced for food and drinks in the paris. If you are going to go to Disneyland save up and go to USA because Disneyland Paris is a waste of time and money. Didn't like any part of it.This is a very nice place if it was not for all the crowds. Having to wait for more than an hour for all attractions and long queues to the restaurants makes it very tiring. Its very expencive too so beeing there for 7 hours and having been to 5 attractions made it not worth it. We were there when they opened on a monday in august. We will not return. Our smaller tivolies in stockholm is much more fun as you get value for your money.Avoid this place where you will 1h to park, 1 2h for security checks and 2h to buy tickets !!! So your whole day experience will start not before 12:30 13:00 even if you arrive at 10:00. When asked why it's so slow, apparently it is normal that it takes so long (20 min per customer) and only half of the guichet open. Your money and not your satisfaction is what is important...Although we payed extra for fast track tickets it was a waste of time as we were not allowed to use them. Standing in the queues for ages in this weather was not what we envisioned and payed for. Didn't have enough time to enjoy most of the rides on our break there. The food is outrageously expensive and the service is terrible. Wish we had booked Disneyland instead. I don't really know where to start with my story of Disney land Paris. Their is the fairy tale view that you have the moment you walk in the park, the first thing you see is sleeping beauty's in front of you, your child face lights up, I am afraid it slowly goes down hill from their and you need to hide your, upset and stress from your innocent children. I was crying on the last day as the strain of what I had paid for and the reality finally hit me, it was the worst holiday I had ever had in my life and for   1500 to start with for 3 days 2 nights I am devastated.I will bullet for the problems as much as I can to inform people of the problems, not just my emotional response to the park as this would be my view and not everyone's. People all view things differently, what one finds except able the other may not, which is why I will list factual problems and some of the pros.PROSDisney express luggage is fantastic, you can not cope with out this. You take your luggage to Disney express at the station and its automatically taken to your hotel for you to pick up as late at 12am at night.Eating in the Plaza gardens restaurant is fantastic and they give you free refills with soft drinks, the only place in the entire park that does.If you reserve book a table at plaza gardens restaurant, you will have a wonderful meal.The rooms at the hotels are clean and spotless and all have a large tv in them (Chyanne has not got coffee or tea but a kettle!!!!! Tea lovers can obtain tea bags and sugar at breakfast but no milk) so if you wanted to stock up for your room, you could if you like it black.Go Full Board at the travel agent, don't buy food their, its 13 euros for a can of coke !!!!!!The Disney dreams show is fantasticThe parade is fantasticCONSThe park has no welcome pack for guests to explain the running of the park and how you must operate in order to have a happy stay.You can go to City Hall for help (Once you know) but its no more help than being given a map, program and being able to book restaurants. Don't even think of complaining or speaking to management, it simply won't work, you won't get past the front desk, they will stare and smile at you in a very patronising way to make you feel that all your complaining about is your fault and not theirs.You must, I REPEAT, you must reserve your lunch and dinner well in advance, so we are talking about on arrival on day one. You simply will not get a seat in the two good restaurants which are Plaza Gardens (Fantasy land) and Restaurant de Stars ( Disney Studios).I advise only ever eating in Plaza Gardens in main street, its the one everyone discovered and the best place to eat in the entire park with your HB and FB vouchers. If your paying for food then eat anywhere.It is a complete lie that the park rides are open 2 hours before for hotel guests and that the park is open till 11pm. This is for advertisement purposes only and to get people to Disney land Paris. The only rides open are 4 in Fantasy land and 3 in Discovery land, every single ride between 8am and 10am are closed, the Disney studios is closed till 10.For those of you who think that their will be Disney characters walking around, this is untrue, this does not happen at all. The little girls can have lunch with a princess for 80 euroes a ticket. The tickets at the princess pavilion for meeting a princess that supposedly you que up to get at 10.30am, are all gone by 12pm. If you want to do this, I would say, have a family member stand in the que at 8.30am, wait for 2 hours for the ticket and then get your appointment fast. Luckily I was told and was first in the que. but at 10.30am the que was 2 hours long. At the pavilion don't expect to meet all the princesses or to know who is going to be their, we had Belle, but Areil was their and we did not get to meet her. Its one or the other, its basically like Santas Groto at Christmas.Sometimes in the day they section a part off in the park and have characters their, so for instance at Alices maze, Alice was their, with a massive que to meet her, poo bear was somewhere else, then their was chip, dale and Eeyore, but its limited time, maybe 20 mins, their are Disney staff guarding them like its a prison and then they simply say, that it, with lots of children waiting with autograph books, then you have lots of sobbing children that are broken hearted. Don't spend out on a Disney autograph book at 12 Euros, you won't get it signed and Disney rake in the cash from all those empty books.One family complained, their daughter saw Rapunzel walking somewhere with the staff, the child ran over to get her autograph and the staff angrily said no. The child was left in tears.My daughter was left in tears waiting for a character to sign her book in the studios, they had roped off a section and they had lilo and stich, the Disney ducks, toys story and Cruella, 20 minutes it was roped off for all those people, the duck was next to my daughter and they refused to sign the book leaving her sobbing.They will close all the rides outside if their is even a slight suspicion of thunder, even though it never came close.The Crushes coaster is totally unsuitable for children under 7, may parents said their children were so traumatised coming off the ride. Most of the rides in the park are closed at 8pm, so even if the park is open the rides are not.Fantasy land is closed at 9pm, which means some rides being closed at 7.30pm due to the wait to close the ride at 8pm to get everyone out of fantasy land by 9pm. Its due to the Disney dreams light show that starts at 11pm, far to late for children.You need to be sat down early for parade. So if it starts at 4.30pm, you need to have a space at 3.40pm and camp out.Most of the staff that are in charge of the characters or the parade around the park, are rude and nasty and make life terrible. They act like prison guards when you can see that their is no issue at all to the safety of the characters as its for kids.No advise as to where maps or programmed are located.This last piece of advice, it sounds rather bizarre and as a childcare professional it went against my beliefs, its essential to get a Disney land 3 wheeled stroller for even 5 and 6 year olds. My daugher could actually not function, we were their 2 nights and 3 days, needed to get up at 6.30am every morning to have breakfast at 7am to get to park for 8am. Our daughter on arrival day was up at 5am, we got a train to Londen, tubes etc. We arrived at Disney at 1.15ish. by the 11pm light show she was asleep on the ground, in the morning we could not even wake her. I said to my husband that we will have to rent a stroller as she can't walk, we did and she spent the entire time in the stroller napping in between rides. We even bought a Disney blanket. It soon becomes apparent that this is a must, all the parents end up doing it, in fact I saw a 9 year old asleep in a stroller and well and truly out of it. The stollers are made of mettle, are basically a huge massive seat, they resemble disabled children's buggy's, but its a total need or your holiday will be ruined. One family did, 5 nights, but did, day one park, day 2 sleep till 12pm, day 2 park, day 3 sleep till 12pm and so on, but of you are their two night and 3 days your children will not even be able to walk after day 1 due to travel exhaustion.The ques are bad, up to 80 minutes for some and only I think 4 rides in the entire park are fast pass. In short, its not the dream as so many people think, the travel agents book is a con. We will never ever be going again.I visited Disneyland Paris on the 29th of July, i have made online reservation for the 1 day   1 park tickets for me and my girlfriend on the same day we're visiting so we don't waste time waiting in Q to get our entrance pass at the gate, it came to my surprise that my tickets are only valid 1 day after purchase, so i went to there customer relations office and they told me i can buy new tickets on the door to get access and i can refund my online tickets on their website. After returning i contacted there website and they said the tickets are non refundable but are valid for 1 year. After my experience with them i will never go back there again, 3 adult rides were closed due to unknown reasons, waiting line to take a picture with mickey mouse is 45 minutes, food was terrible ate at the   Cottonwood creek, Cowboy cookout barbq   we found a small rat running around while we were eating inside which made us throw our food and leave. now i have two tickets for sale if anyone is interested, am willing to sell them less then what they're worth because i dont want themwe stayed in the Disney hotel   the cars   it is worst than a travel lodge. cramped rooms with poor facilities. Breakfast was ridiculous   you were allowed one slice of ham! the park itself has hardly any characters in it   it was raining the weekend we went but we didn't actually see any apart from the parade. we booked breakfast at Mickeys diner   which is extremely expensive   and it was a good job we did or my son wouldn't of met any characters at all. Don't go is my advice   save up and go to florida!.I have been in orlando dineyland and I dreamt about a european way of disney. Now I feel anger and frostration. I visited on monday and I cant imagine visiting weekend. Staff is extremely rude, not some almost every one except few that requesting money from you. Even to kids they are not polite. After 50 minutes of trip from Paris, the park seems very interesting but %35percent of interesting decorations are shops %30 for selling junk food or fast food. You are deciding to go one attraction commute time 10 minutes waiting time 45 minutes, and experience 2 5 minutes. Staff are really rude they are asking to walk my lap sleeping four years old through tournique. Rude gestures, inpolite words they dont know talking with the guest. Lack of hospitaliy. Disgusting WCs. Queuing foreverything. I spent thousands of euros to make this visit happened. I am extremely regretful to waste for total 20 minutes of experience and contribute to those rude staffs salaries. I wil never ever go to paris disney park. I feel cheated.we had a comfortable trip on the eurostar. paid a fortune for the mediocre food on board.the hotel room did not have a travel cot as ordered. the actual disney park itself looked dated, rides were breaking down with us queuing. The food throughout the park was awful at a number of outlets we ate at. The hotel room service food at new York was so bad i would not feed it to a dog let alone my family. it was an awful trip with awful service and an absolute fortune for the terrible experience. I went as a child and had memories of the disney magic. There was nothing magical about this holiday.As a frequent visitor of both Disney World and Disneyland, I can say that there is no magic at Disneyland Paris. A place that is supposed to be the  happiest on earth  left me frustrated and feeling like I completely wasted my precious euros. The most common phrase at Disneyland Paris is  technical difficulties.  Nearly even ride we tried to go on was closed for this reason when we arrived or while we waited online. I literally was able to get on two to three rides at this park. Space Mountain was not open when we got there, Buzz Lightyear was closed due to technical difficulties, so was Pirates, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad closed for this reason while we were waiting after returning with our Fast Pass . . . I've never seen anything like this in all my years of visiting Disney World. The staff will give you passes to skip the lines or fast passes if you complain, but this is simply not enough since these rides are likely to have technical difficulties when you come back to skip the line. For those who have not had the pleasure of visiting Disney in the USA, you may not realize how incredible at Disney experience truly can be. Save your money and visit Disney World. At Disney World, the rides run consistently, the employees go out of their way to make your experience magical, the restaurants are better and offer a range of price options and even the souvenirs are better! This park does not deserve your business until it improves how it takes care of its rides and the attitudes of its employees.Dear readers. After visiting the park with high expectations, I felt our family wasted a precious day in the place. Long lines to get in every attraction and none lasted for even 2 mins. To meet Mickey we had to wait for 1 hour and then pay for a picture of the 1 minute we spent with it. No Disney character was walking around to greet the children, not enough places to seat around the park, no french food at all! It is a place that makes you feel is trying to get money out of your pockets all the time. For my child of 4 years old it was better the rides she took in the park at Les Tulleries! Less waiting and kind people even willing to give you extra rides in things like the carrousel for free! And you get the amazing gardens and views of real Paris. Leave Disney for a trip to USA.Okay, you have paid too much to open this place. But; who can tell me the meaning of to wait 4 hours for even an attraction of 5 mins?!?? This place is being operated over its capacity and unfortunately nothing can be done for this since there exists  stupid  dream catchers like me all around the world!!!!We took our 4 year old and 8 month old to Disneyland Paris at the beginning of July. We expected magic. We didn't get it! We had to wait 40 minutes to check in at the hotel when there were 3 staff on check in and 2 people in front of us is the queue. This was because the check in staff were trying to sell anything and everything.We stayed in the Santa Fe. I have stayed in better Premier Inns. There was no kettle in the room and no cot as requested. I had to telephone reception twice to get these sent to the room and had to wait an hour by which time my 8 month old had fallen asleep on the floor. We had to pay    10 for tea and coffee sachets!The staff at the hotel were a miserable bunch and customer service was definitely not a priority. The childrens indoor play area in the hotel was a glorified cupboard with a small table and chair and was only open when the restaurant was open. The shuttle bus didn't run every 10 minutes and when it arrived everyone pushed and shoved to get on. My son was pushed off the bus at one point and people were stepping over the buggy to get on. The queues inside the parks were ridiculous with some rides having a wait time of over an hour. Queue barging is the norm which we found really irritating. There were no characters walking about and no staff anywhere to offer assistance. The shops all sell the same merchandise and it is all over priced and nothing special.    60 for a fancy dress costume!The food in the restaurants was poor quality and mass produced. The best place we found to eat was The Earl of Sandwich in Disney Village. The rides aren't anything to get too excited about and 3 broke down while we were there. We found that nothing was easy in Disneyland and none of the staff were interested in helping. We had access to the Disneyland Park from 8am as we were staying in the hotel but only a few rides were actually open and we couldn't get into the studio park until 10 when the general public were let in.I would advise anyone thinking about going to disneyland paris to save up and go to Disney in Florida or California. That's what we will be doing. Disneyland Paris really gives Disney a bad name. We won't be going back.Very disappointed unable to take photos of the princesses as they walked away disappointing for my young children also having to wait long time to go on rides area not well signpostedThe rides were great when you eventually got to them.Staff under trained teenagers on a gap year.Queueing, was well managed but then again you would expect that as they have a lot of experience in managing queues. OMG did we spend a lot of time in queues. Probably about 90% of our time there was spent in a queue.Pricing, we all need to make a living but really, Disney you are taking the mickey. Everything in Dysneyland Paris is about making money and not just a little but a lot. The hard sell the soft sell , the repetitive sell they've got it all and never ever give up. The only places that offer anywhere near value for money are the places not owned by Disney, Cart D'Or sold some really good value for money ice cream.Food, get with the program, do you guys not watch Jamie Oliver? EVERYTHING and I mean EVERYTHING is fried, if they could deep fry pizza they would, 4 days we were here and by the end of day 2 I was craving apples like a junkie craves his next fix I couldn't stop thinking about vegetables, raw carrot, peaches, celery anything but battery farmed meat product and reprocessed potato starch. Even my son who at the best of time can live off pizza and chips started asking for fresh fruit. Spend a week here living in a Disney hotel and you will have scurvy. Apartheid, segregation, racism whatever you want to call it. It is a very difficult conversation to have. But Disney has forced me to have it. A lot of the things about Disneyland Paris reminded me of the long past age of the wild west, the food the pushy sales the waiting in line. Nothing reminded me of it more than the apparent apartheid. All the menial jobs were being done by people of African origin while all the front of house, customer facing jobs and management jobs by WASPS. Maybe this was Disney trying to keep in the style of the good old US of A 100 years ago but for me it really struck a cord. All in would I go back? NEVER. Did my son like it yes. Would I recommend a friend to take his children there ? NO, sorry Walt but you are stuck in the last century, stick to what you are good at, making great films.Top tip, if you want to meet the Disney characters, go to the disney cafe outside the park, great food and you get to meet all of them without standing in a queue..just got back from euro disney..what a disaster.feel like i have just been financially castrated. this place is a rip off. about 1 3 of the rides were closed so the remaining ones had a 60 minute wait(try telling that to a 5yr old). it poured with rain but that is nobody,s fault but to my grandaughters great disappoinment there were none of the characters wandering about like you see in the adverts(mind you i wouldn,t walk about dressed as goofy if it was chucking it down either). be warned... this place is incredibly expensive..due to the weather i had to by a childs cape which was in reallity is a bin liner with a hood.which cost 7 euros. the other park disney studios is excellent and at last she got to shake hands with donald duck and co but the prices are the same. we stayed at the sequoia lodge which was a nice hotel with nice staff and is worth a go if you need somewhere to stay but my advice is to save up a bit more and go to florida.all in all i was not impresed and i will never call the germans or russians again because if there is a ruder more ignorant nation then the french i do not wish to meet themYes, kids love to go to Disney and love it despite the lines, the junk food and all the other problems that parents face. Our 7 year old son loved it so I am happy for him but hate the way we were treated both before going to Disney and during our time there.Disney seems to purposely discriminate against people according to the country where they live and the language they speak. I am English but live in Switzerland so I can look at either a UK or USA site Disney have set up but I am not allowed to make a booking in English as they only permit UK or USA based credit cards. So we had to look at their German language site for Switzerland which does not offer the same options as for UK Residents. As German is not our main language their Swiss website is more difficult to understand and you have to pay much higher prices than either France or UK. Presumably Disney regards Swiss Residents as Cash Cows that need to be milked as we are so lucky to live in Switzerland. Discrimination against the Swiss! If you live in France you can get even lower prices than UK Residents are offered.Are Disneyland breaking EU rules? I think the EU Commission should investigate them to ensure that they treat every Nationality and Resident of any Country the same. Google and Microsoft have been fined for unfair practices in the EU   the EU Commision should at least investigate such a large Global Player as Disney to make sure they comply with EU law. Hopefully, unlike Amazon and Google they should pay their fair share of taxes in France.Aside from the financial problems Disney does not rate well for the price and quality of its food. It was a relief to leave Disney and eat in a nice local French Restaurant whose standards are way above the junk food Disney offers. We were relived not to have stayed in a Disneyland hotel for this reason and the excessive prices.Lines are also too long at Disney   wait an hour and then you can ride for 10 minutes! Last year we went to Legoland Germany which is the exact opposite to Disney. They also have lots of Visitors but manage everything much better and actually care about their Customers. Disney could learn a lot from them but they only have the mindset of a money making machine that exploits the fantasy they have created in our kids minds.I realize that your kids love Disney and want to go there but prepare for your wallet to be robbed your stomach to be affected by the junk food and the health risk from the dirty toilets. Try to take your food with you and persuade your kids to want to go somewhere else.Disneyland Paris June early July no fast passes available unless willing to pay huge premium,although all brochures say they are.Studios so busy only able to go on one ride, then Disney Junior attraction which broke down after 10 mins.We went to Paris DIsneyland having previously had a great time in Florida a few years ago. Unfortunately the Disney magic has not reached France.* Staff are all grumpy (a big shock compared to the warm welcome you get in Orlando)* Children are exposed to smoking everywhere and nothing is done* Queues are really long ( 1hr for children's rides alone)* There are very few characters in the park and these all have long waits* Emphasis on French language   my family don't speak French and we found this meant that many rides shows lost their magic. In Florida, every announcement got my children excited, aven announcements about parades etc. Hearing characters talk in a foreign language compared to the original films made them seem less authentic for us * The buildings look poorly maintained* Tickets are overpriced* Really dirty toilets* The weather is Paris unpredictable and often cold miserable, much like the Parisians we encounteredYoung children might enjoy this place, although I would recommend places like Thomas Land or Peppa Pig World as being much better and a lot more affordableGiven the choice, I would rather miss a holiday for one year and save up for Florida than ever go to Disney Paris. Nearly everyone I have asked agrees.Having visited both parks now, I am of the firm opinion that this Disney is a much smaller and poorer cousin of the original in LA. We did most of the things we wanted to do and we're out in about 8 hours, where we had stayed much longer in the other park.Having visited LA twice now, the contrast is quite different to me, primarily the dirt and rubbish around the Paris version. Cobwebs everywhere, rubbish in every pool and pond and blowing around the park was terrible. Even the ducks had to swim around ice cream wrappers in the streams.Organisation seemed quite a lot worse and the Main Street parade of 8 or 9 cars and characters was very poor in contrast. The drivers of the cars seemed as though they'd just been told they were out if a job due to the long faces borne by most of them, only one seemed to be happy and enjoying the singalong with the music.Rides were okay but queues ranged from very light (Pirates of the Caribbean) of about 10 minutes wait to 45 minutes (and broken down twice) for turtle roller coaster was beyond belief. Maybe we were lucky on so e but the vast majority were long slow moving queues.In contrast to LA, the constant threat of having a pickpocket steal your valuables and seeing guards outside the perimeter with machine guns does not make you feel at ease, the security staff inside the park may as well not exist for all the use they are and the numbers (in uniform at least) was ridiculous for the number of people in the park should something serious occur.Finding toilets was also a difficulty as there seems to be few of them and spaced badly (maybe I didn't find them all) but markings on maps provided left much to be desired.Sadly, I won't be spending anymore time or money visiting this park as it is dirty, dusty, rubbish everywhere you look and to try and find something to eat and drink was an absolute chore as most stalls were shut, even inside the gift stores at least half of the registers were also closed.Would I recommend Euro Disney? Not at all, save your money and go to LA or Tokyo where the staff are much more helpful and the park is not covered in filth dirt and dust. A 2 day pass is the most you'll require to do just about anything you'd care to do here.Having been to Disney world in Florida weeaded to disneyland paris with good expections, we were very disappointed no Disney magic very few characters walking around the park unfriendly staff unbelievably expensive 10 euros for a small bottle of water and fanta 44 euros for for 4 normal portions of fries and chicken nuggets and the thing that bothered me most was they allow smoking anywhere in the park.We drove and stayed in a cheaper non Disney hotel and in all for 2 adults 2 children and an infant we spent a little over 1000 all in my advise save a little longer and go disneyworld Florida it's magical for children and adults disney land paris should be renamed disney shopping centre paris. i was there 18th to 22nd of may 2014 and the rides had massive cues and if you wanted to see a character the cue was at least an hour i cued for 11 2 hours to see rapunzel if you want to see princesses it more than 2 hours just to get the booking to see them. the food is awful and the merchandise was shoddy and very expensive. a lot of the rides were closed due to refurbishing and others broke down whilst in the cue. the only thing that was magical was the light show but that started at 10.30pm so it was difficult keeping kids awake. this was my second visit and i will not be going for a third as it is far too commercialised its all about spending the fun has been taken out of it, i was very disappointed.I tried to book a family package holiday via the Disney   telephone booking service. It was the worst experience I have ever faced while making a booking. The lady on the other end was rude, loud and not ready to listen to my requirement. She was not ready to take the name I wanted for the booking and when I wanted further information on the insurance option She rudely retorted  have U not travelled before? All package holidays offer the same insurance option! When I said that I did not like her tone and that I wanted her to hang up so that I could leave a feedback, she just cut me off. I called back again and asked to speak to the manager in charge. Finally a man named Randy came online. When I explained what had happened, he simply said thank you and did not even offer to help me with my reservation. I would strongly recommend NOT using the telephone service to make your reservation. You really don't want your holiday to start on a bad note. What surprised me was the level of service offered by a company that is into family entertainment.We visited the park last week and I am sure Walt Disney would not be happy to know that the day is mainly spent queuing. To see Mickey Mouse we had to queue for over an hour and to see a princess even though we had a ticket for 3.45 we still had to queue and didn't see a princess until 5pm. The rides weren't any better and the minimum we queued was 30 minutes and why you have to queue to go on the galloping horses I don't know... it doesn't happen at a fair. Pushchairs aren't allowed in the queues so poor parents were having to hold sleeping children in their arms. Too many people are let in and there are not enough characters! When I visited about 10 years ago many of the characters were walking around and the children could see them close up... Disney is obviously cutting costs. We spent 2 days at Disney and missed out on loads of rides and activities as we spent so much time queuing. Shame on you Disney for being so greedy!I saw one review on here claiming that UK parks have worse record than the awful French parks!!! They need their head checking!I didn't want to remind myself of this awful place but I can say that UK parks beat this dump by far. It's a shameless rip off of the US parks. No magic,godawful food and only a few rides worth riding.But the worst bit by far is the French. Now we all know the French aren't known for their smiley nature and good customer device,but they really did make stereotypes ring true here. They were rude and angry and the French visitors pushed their way to the queue all the time!Give me the UK over France anyday but especially their theme parks.Attitude of most of the staff is dreadful   forget the warm welcome of the US Theme Parks   the staff at Disneyland Paris are a miserable bunch with bad attitude. No smiles, no warm welcome just bad attitude.Park looks worn and shabby and is above all dirty with people smoking everywhereSome of the rides were not working and the people operating it did not even realise (or care when politely told)Toilet facilities were very few and far between   once when absolutely desperate the one toilet I found was locked. I nearly had an accident!Food is disgraceful........then consider you are in France and it is mind blowing that anyone could think that serving that rubbish is acceptable. In the 5 star hotel they served powdered eggs.........seriously?Crap coffee served park wide.......WHY BOTHER HAVE THE PARK IN FRANCE!Overpriced   over    250 to go to the Wild Bill show. Shops sell overpriced rubbish   all made in china. Disney you need to up your game.The park is looking tired, with little investment evident in some areas. The Alice in Wonderland is a collection of chipped paint and faded colour. Queues around the park are usually well managed, with excellent signage telling you how long the wait is. Not at the Princess Pavilion. Poorly signed, it turns out you have to queue to get a ticket to see one princess, and if you aren't there to queue between 10.30 and 11am, forget it, all tickets for the whole day are gone. Then you come back at your timeslot, go in, only to find yourself in a dark, cold corridor, no staff, nothing for the kids to do, and in another queue for over an hour. If you come here in the afternoon you have absolutely no chance of a ticket, and I saw a large number of disappointed families as a result. Waiting in a dark corridor for over an hour means you will witness quite a few mini meltdowns, and frankly who can blame them? The food throughout the park is abysmal   the only edible meal we found was Annette's Diner, just outside the entrance to the Park and Studio, and here service was very slow. Fresh fruit and the like nowhere to be seen, which seems such a shame for a family venue, the small concessions consistently ran out of food items, and the staff in them were incredibly slow and rude. The buffet meals were indescribably bad. Seating around the park, for eating or just resting, is ludicrously under provided, everything overpriced, and it's a shameless rip off. Even my kids could see that this place offered poor value for money and poor entertainment much of the time   the rides are not exactly interesting or exciting, with a few notable exceptions. We couldn't wait to leave, and won't be going back.Too many attractions and restaurants closed. It was wet and we wanted to sit down and eat but the few places that were open were overcrowded and the options not what we wanted. Very overpriced.Just returned from Eurodisney and what a disappointment it was! Where do i start? The staff   unsmiling, rude, uncaring, unhelpful and seriously in need of Customer Service training. The park   tired looking and dirty in places with litter freely blowing around. The organisation on some rides is just appalling with open entry and exit gates at the same time allowing queue jumping and general mayhem. The food   astronomically expensive and of a very poor standard with junk food the order of the day across the park. We spoke to some Americans who had been visiting Paris and decided to spend the day here. They were horrified and couldn't believe the difference between U.S. parks and here. We have been to the U.S Disney parks on many occasions and the difference is truly remarkable. Why Disney chose Paris (actually it's not Paris as that city is a 50 minute train ride away), I simply can't understand their decision. Clearly the french organisation is incapable of delivering friendly, caring and value for money service in a clean and efficiently run amusement park. All i can say about those reviews praising Eurodisney on tripadvisor, is that the reviewers themselves have never been to the U.S Disney parks and therefore have nothing to measure the service against. I dread to think what the U.S, Disney organisation would think and recommend that they get someone over to Eurodisney quickly to see it for themselves.This was to be our first real family holiday abroad and as my wife can't fly due to illness we decided Disneyland Paris would be a good idea. HOW WRONG COULD WE BE.I am currently still in france and will write a more detailed review when I get home but overall this trip has been the worst experience of my life.Very rude staffMy son actually got is arm bruised by a member of Disney staff.I met only one helpful french person on the whole trip so far.Disneyland has no facilities for children, yes I know that sounds strange but it is true.I WOULD WARN ANYBODY WHO HAS MANNERS, IS POLITE AND COURTEOUS TO OTHERS TO AVOID AVOID AVOID.Complete rip off. Tired. Understaffed. Disorganised. Rides constantly breaking down. Lack of picnic areas. Lack of play areas. Too many people allowed in at the same time. Some kiosks and cafes not open on busy bank holiday weekend. No characters wandering around. Lets face it the French could not run a bath.Only positives would be parades and fireworks.Would not return even if it was free.Go to Florida and see how it should be run!If you are lucky enough to have traveled to both Disney Land in California and to Disney World in Florida don't bother with Euro Disney. It is totally amazing that the highly respected Disney Corporation would have such difference in standards of care, service and maintenance between the US and France. This park opened 20 years ago and I doubt it has been renovated to any degree since, holes in streets and sidewalks, dirty and worn common areas. Every one smoking everywhere. Even the store and restaraunt area outside the park is worn, dirty and in dire need of renovation. Truly dissapointing experienece compared to the other parks. Same with our Hotel The Explorer, dirty, worn out and in need of renovation.We booked Disneyland Paris in January 2014 and were really looking forward to taking our 6 and 2 year old children. We had built it up to them for the last 4 months about how great it would be but it has been a big disappointment of a holiday. We stayed at explorers hotel which is a partner hotel. We enjoyed it more here playing in the pool! After our first day at the park none of us wished to go back there. You have to queue for everything, at 1 point the waiting time for 1 of the rides was 2 hours! We imagined the characters would be walking around the parks for picture opportunities etc but they only came out at certain times and points in the parks for a limited time leading to queues for pictures. As previous reviews have stated there are a lot of smokers in the parks which did bother me. We had a 4 day park pass but only spent around 10 hours in the parks as it was just a waste of energy. There are lots of toy shops in and around the parks selling the same gear and it is nothing special and is expensive. Food: if you love junk food this place is fantastic! As that's all you will get. In the end we took a train to Paris and visited all the major tourist attractions via the metro and all in all this was the best part of the holiday. The kids said they loved seeing the Eiffel Tower and walking around Paris. The funniest part for me was watching people turn to wild stone age people when queuing for a shuttle bus like they had never seen one. You could be stood at the bus stop for 10minutes waiting patiently with no one else around then 30 or 40 people turn up and just barge and push past one another to make sure they get on the bus and then when on the bus run to ensure they get seated for the massive 5 minute bus journey. Also people with prams not folding them up to make space for other passengers. We had a pram and folded it up no problem. 1 evening after watching people fight their way onto the bus we decided to walk back to the hotel which was around a 40 minute walk (with kids and pram). All in all Paris was fantastic, explorers hotel was average but the pool was great and kids enjoyed going in there everyday. Disneyland Paris was rubbish as were the majority of people who turn into morons. This has put me off ever going to Florida.I have been trying to book some tickets from your site but all the bookings have been rejected. Have tried other cards but all of them where rejected. I have been trying to contact you after 8pm but your site is misleading as the times are not correct. THIS IS VERY UNACCAPTABLE AND FRUSTRATING AS I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO BOOK THESE TICKETS FROM SUNDAY ......From a young age I yearned to go to Disneyland. When I eventually booked it for my five children I was so excited and looked forward to sharing the experience with them. I saved for two years, read the reviews, noted the tips and meticulously planned what I viewed as 'the holiday of a lifetime' I watched the DVDs of the park experience. I expected magic. I should have lowered my expectations as we were in for disappointment. My children aged 4   15 were looking forward to meeting the Disney characters and purchased autograph books at 10 euro. I advised them to join different queues so they could get a good collection of signatures. Although we were there for 5 days, the children collectively managed 3 autographs; 2 from characters in the hotel lobby and one from Snow White who we queued for 2.5 hours to see. One of these hours was spent queuing during 'extra magic hours' to obtain a ticket to the princess pavilion for an allocated time and a further 1.5 hours to get from the door to the princess at that allocated time. Tip: get the kids to use the toilet before joining any queue and take snacks and water. Despite being at the designated place and time to meet the characters, they were led away each time before my children got the chance to meet them. Seeing my kids disappointed faces each time was heartbreaking. They may have had a chance if they left their manners at home and pushed in front, thrust autograph books at the characters faces or if my husband and I had been as ruthless as other parents who had no qualms about using feet, backpacks and arms to ensure their little prince or princess got priority in the queue. One of my children was knocked down by an adult and another suffered cuts to his face from a backpack. Each time my protests were met with a shrug. I always maintain patience is rewarded and, arriving at the park at 9pm, got a perfect place where everyone had a view of the castle to watch Disney dreams. Again, minutes before it started, we were pushed aside to view the back of heads with light up mouse ears! Queues for popular rides were approx an hour each. Two we queued for were broken. We bought water bottles in the park and, when one was done, my child went to fill it again from the fountain and was told off by staff and sent away. We will not be repeating this experience. The pictures of wonder and awe on my kids faces will be sadly lacking from the photo albums and they are children who are easily pleased and don't ask for anything. If you decide this is a place you must go, lower your expectations, don't expect classic Disney or magic and hopefully you won't be disappointed.Getting off the train you are greeted with young teenage kids trying to scam money out of everyone and taxi drivers who charge highly inflated prices. Then when entering the park found out that 25% of the park is closed for  maintenance  according to Disney. We had gone to Disney City hall and asked if the percentage of ride closures should reflect the entry price, we were told all ride closures were published on the website I had replied the when this trip was booked 6 months ago these ride closures were not mentioned. We filled in a complaint form and that was it. Problem solved apparently! We had been to disneyland California 2 years ago, and this park was far from that standard. Some staff were really friendly but overall were very arrogant towards English speaking tourists. Each to there own.. Just remember I told you so...this was our 3rd Disney park. First in LA second in Hong Kong and this one. Sorry but it stats at the beginning to be a rip off. I think Disney should use some case study which have been done of the Hong Kong Disney park, to learn how to look after customers. Long waiting line to pay entrance so understaffed or Planed to make all Waite 2 hrs. or more to get in. I think its Organized this way to streamline customers and make more money as its all about money and not about service in Paris Disney. Once you are in and like to look at The princesses to get some pictures for your children you line up to get Ticket at 1 pm and they give your ticket for 8.20 PM to go in to the Princess pavilion so 7 hrs. later. HA HA and its a surprise of the only 1 princes you will see! so to you think children age 4 to 10 will wait 7 hrs. ??? overall associates and customized artist should get some training in US and Hong Kong on genuine personal interaction with children as it was completely missing. many people smoke everywhere and this in a children them park? I am smoker but .......I can only recommend anybody if you like to see Disneyland go to other countries as Paris Disney is waist of money.I am very glad that we only booked our Disneyland Paris holiday for 2 night, but not longer. From the check in till our departure, every minute of the holiday was full of disappointments. Staff were specifically trained to disappear whenever a guest was in need of help. The ones you could find either did not have a clue about the park, or too rude to respond professionally. We stayed at Santa fee, as all others were fully booked. My high school dormitory was Burj Al Arab in comparison. Hotel, park itself and rides were all too dirty. Ques all over, including the entrance to the parks. Worst was to be forced to wait in line for almost 60 minutes although we had reservations for the restaurant. In one case, check in staff at the restaurant could not validate our dinner ticket for 40 minutes straight. He called for help from the manager, and he left after 10 minutes to strengthen the agony. In the age of smart phones and fast computers, it is a disgrace for Disney park to keep guests waiting for hourst to check into a restaurant. It is obvious that we have paid for the food months in advance. Why keep waiting because of ignorant staff and managers? If anybody is willing to visit Disneyland Paris, I strongly urge to rethink. At least try to book Florida instead. You will save yourself the most expensive disappointment of vacation history. I strongly believe that American management is too tired of fighting with French arrogance and just let it be.And loads of others rides kept closing for 'technical reasons'. In the middle of the Easter holidays! Three times we got to the front of a queue only for the ride to be closed. Having been to Disney Florida I can only say, if you have the choice go to the USA. The French staff were pretty off hand and sometimes downright rude, the French attitude to service really doesn't fit with the Disney ethos. The children starting laughing after a while as we constantly got given a 'non' to any requests. Often on rides all the guests were English but the staff still insisted on speaking French, which also give us the giggles. I suspect the reason things kept breaking down was French unions don't allow workers to do overtime at night maintaining them, as happens in the States. Been said before, but this Disney park is definitely in the wrong country!An extortionate amount of money for a very below average experience. 3 big rides were closed with no notification at the gate. Many of the rides had parts closed meaning that the queues were longer. On some rides people were blatantly pushing in with no organisation from the staff. Very few characters to be seen, poor service, tepid food at extortionate prices and to cap it all my niece was insulted by a member of staff, which caused her to cry. I will never visit again, the Florida theme park although expensive at least allows the adults to share in some of the magic, Disneyland Paris just leaves a very bad taste in the mouth.Disneyland Paris is an embarrassment to the Walt Disney Company. What's wrong with the park? Everything! From the time we checked in, to the time we left, the entire experience was awful. For specifics on the hotel, check out my review on the Sequoia Lodge here: yelp.com biz sequoia lod   As for the park itself, it was very poorly maintained. There was trash all over the place, rides kept breaking down and the employees were generally unfriendly. We did meet one genuinely friendly fellow in one of the gift shops that was truly delighted that I wanted to trade pins with him and even more delighted when he found out that I'm from Hawaii. But that was the highlight of our entire experience there. Food is another area the park falls flat on its face. You'd expect food at a theme park to be bad, but I wouldn't expect it to be inedible. We had a burger in the park for lunch one day, and its flavor reminded me of the smell of dog food... I took a bite and couldn't eat it anymore. And if you want to eat in one of the overpriced restaurants, you have to make a reservation the day before... for lunch or for dinner! And most of the food services weren't even open despite the enormous crowd. Granted it was November when we went, but if park attendance is that high... The wait for the rides were ridiculous too. Disneyland RR, for example, had only 1 train running. That was it. It was a 45 minute wait between each time the train went around. You'd think they'd run at least 2? Would I ever go back? No. Once was enough for me... Never again with Disneyland Paris. It's nice to have been able to gone to see what it's like, but it really isn't worth staying for even an entire day.We have been to Disney in Florida a number of times. Always busy, always clean. Disney paris??? DIRTY! Very busy, very expensive. Bought a 2 day pass. Half of the attractions were either not operating that day or simply broken. Trash and smoking everywhere. You don't find out which attractions are operating until AFTER you purchase your full price ticket. I'm amazed that Disney does not maintain this park the same as they do elsewhere. Such a disappointment. Would never go again.We visited Paris Disney on the last day of our Paris trip. We had read that it was in disrepair and 'not up to Disney Standard.'. We've visited all of the Disney parks in the US. We're Canadian so this should be somewhat neutral. Obviously, we didn't go to Paris to go to Disney, it was a last minute, 'why not' visit.The Good: Not busy. Big Thunder Mountain Railroad was much better than the US version. The wrap up laser show at the castle was really cool. The Aerosmith ride was neat but short.The Bad: Everything Else.We didn't notice any surface wear on the park aside from a lot of litter and trash on and around the rides. What we did notice was closed rides and breakdowns with no notice. Indian Jones and Crush's Coaster we're both closed with no forewarning. The Armegedon effects show only runs on Thursday's... What? Tower of Terror broke down when we were on it, the motion on the platform was broken on the Studio Tour as well as many of the effects in the haunted house were not working (hitch hiking ghosts). Every second car in the Buzz Lightyear ride was out of order, covered with a blue tarp. We also noticed many restraint issues with people being either unable to get out of the harness or unable to get the restraint to secure them. As an aside, Space Mountain was so violent that it felt like we were in a car wreck after. Other people complained, two staff members rode alone and came back shrugging. The staff were uninterested and not in character. Photo pass didn't exist and we never saw a single Disney character in costume.Ultimately, the kids had fun (16,15 & 12). This is most we've ever paid for Disney and the least value. If you get a discounted ticket, it would be a good day. If you pay full freight you will likely be disappointed.Disneyland was a big disappointment for our family!We visited Disneyland Paris on Sunday 29th December 2013WE spent a total of 8 hours in this place...and our two grandchildren aged 8 & 6 only managed to get onto 3 rides during the whole of that timeThe rest of the day was spent STANDING IN LINE for those 3 rides...in very cold conditionsThere were, in our view TOO MANY PEOPLE INTHE PARK for the amount of rides availableChidren do NOT enjoy standing in the cold for hour after hour to then go on a ride which only lasts for between 1 & 2 minutesThe catering arrangements were shockingly poor ...nowhere to sit...food ranges very limittedDisneyland is all about cramming as many people in and getting as much money as possible out of them as possibleDisneyland...you need to either limit the amount af people in the park at any one time, OR build more attractions OR expand the attractions that you already have there...because YOU are failing to provide a good and enjoyable experience for childrenIf you have ever been to Brighton, uk, I would say that BRIGHTON PIER represents much better experience for childrens enjoyment...without the cost or the hours or waitingDISNEYLAND PARIS.....WHAT A DUMP !!First time at eurodisney going with my nieces. The atmosphere is awful... Feels like a factory not holidays. While some of the attractions are fun and the kids love them, it feels that everything is made and designed to take your money not to help you or make you feel good. Factor onto this the overcrowding of the park and you have an awful experience... Why would anyone wait 2 hours in the queue for 1 single minute of turtle ride is beyond me... I come out of three days there feeling like disney is the worst brand in the world and that the ethical etho consisting in ripping off your customers because their children are conditionned to like disney characters is completely unacceptable. I took my parents my sister and brother in law his father and my nieces to Disneyland Paris for a three night stay we chose the New York hotel because it's the second closest to the park ( a 10 minute walk according to the official write up but more like 15 to 20 with young kids )while I have only minor problems with the hotel like the hot water was slow to come through and the breakfast wasn't exactly piping hot being buffet that's not the reason that I'm writing this reviewI'm writing this review because of how dissatisfied I was with the park and the service I received my stay was between the 23rd and the 26th of jan 2014 what should have been a quite time of year for the resort and was told at the time of booking that some of the attractions would be closed for repairs but by no means were we told about all the closures On the day we traveled to the resort upon checking our bags in to the disney fast track in the train station my sister asked for the kids travel packs that were advertised on the internet only to find out that they stopped giving them out the month before.That night we found out just how much food in the village costs and how bad Annette's diner was I work in catering and know that cooking a burger isn't rocket science and    18.99 was I little steep for a burger, chips (fries) and a desert (chocolate brownie and ice cream) this kind of pricing continued throughout the resort and everywhere they accepted food vouchers the food was less then desirable The next day in the park I was shocked at the amount of people walking around the park smoking and when I brought this up with a staff member I was told that there is smoking area's but they don't tell anyone off as it may cause friction with the guests this of cause left a lot of butt's on the floor all over the parkOn the second full day (a Saturday) there was a huge increase in the amount of people in the park (only to be expected) and the queue times displayed were the same as the previous days thinking that Disney was showing they're remarkable skill in the movement of people I didn't think anything of it until trying to go on a ride at which point I found that the posted times were optimistic to say the leastAgain on Saturday while walking from the castle down Main Street my sister my father and myself all caught a whiff of pot being smoked in the park we pointed this out to a staff member who was putting out the posts and rope reddy for the parade that was starting in the next half hour or so and nothing was done this was an unbelievable reaction for a company that in Florida wouldn't give someone time to light up a cigarette before asking them (rather firmly) to move to a smoking areaOn Sunday after watching the program top ten things to do in disney on the in room tv my niece wanted to visit the princesses  like the little girl did on the telly  thinking that one queue allowed us to see them all as depicted in the program and after being in the queue for just under two hours ( 60 minutes shown on time board outside) we see one princess only and was told that if we wanted to visit the other one we had to queue againUpon complaining to customer services (guest relations) and filling out a complaint form we were offered the kids activity pack that we was supposed to get before getting on the train or our choice of ride tickets (to avoid the whole queue system) if we didn't file the complaintThey tried to buy us off to drop the complaint and that was as we all agreed was the most unforgivably un disney thing they could have doneI had the unfortunate experience of taking my young daughters to Disneyland Paris over the Christmas period.NEVER EVER AGAIN!Firstly, we were greeted by a huge protest after entering the ticket turnstiles. All the cleaners were complaining over pay. Now I'm all for a peaceful protest but smashing the front of the park up with metal poles and rods, whilst adorning the welcome to Disney sign with every possible item of rubbish is hardly my idea of  welcome to the magic  that is Disney. If you really think that you should continue with this moniker then I'd suggest you better handle these incidents. This left my youngest distraught and my oldest wanting to never return again, preferring to go to bloody Thorpe park!.Secondly, the park just looks dated and unclean. A good example being in Discovery land where it was absolutely filthy. It looked as though the park has been desolate and neglected. The Star Tours jet was covered in muck. You wouldn't see such a poor showing in Disney world Florida.Thirdly, Customer Service. OH MY WORD. There was a huge queue at the customer services department due to many visitors undoubtedly being just as p!$$ed off as I was. To make matters worse I witnessed a gentleman frustrating his anger just to be laughed at by the supervisor in customer services. If it were me I'd have throttled the bloke. I've always associated Disney with great customer service where they can't do enough for you (of course within reason) and where they are polite at all costs and service is with a smile. The poorer Paris counterparts are in dire need of some training. Ridiculous is all I can say. Fourthly, Character showings were poorly organized though most of the characters were incredibly pleasant. Finally, I found the restaurants to be incredibly pricy and the food lacking any real quality. I don't think I've ever experienced food so poor in what is meant to be one of the country's of choice for cuisine. I know this is a theme park so the standards shouldn't be too high, but nevertheless it was just not up to scratch. Went for a meal at planet Hollywood in downtown Disney and the service was great and food quality much improved.There were plus points like the service at cafe mickey but my advise is to go to Florida. save some extra cash and experience what Disney should actually stand for. Even when complaining the customer service team could only offer a days complimentary passes. Quite frankly I'd pay not to go there again!!! Florida yes, California yes, Paris HELL NO!!!Appalled!!!A very boring and outdated theme park. Universal Studios Singapore and Movie World in Brisbane are way better than this park. Queuing is a disaster. We spent the whole day in the park, from 9 am to 10 pm, and only managed to get into 4 attractions. It was even more disappointing as the attractions are very boring. Poor management by the Park. The magical show at 10 pm was somehow interesting but that was it.We consider ourselves good Disney clients; we live in Miami and we have been to Disneworld Orlando many many timesWe also had a Disney cruise and, every time, we had a great experienceWe always considered Disney service and, why not, value for money a great plus....you pay more but you get much moreThis, till we visited Disneyland ParisWe spend three nights at the Disneyland hotel, great location but super expensive vs. the service you getI mean....6 euro a bottle of water at the minibar, 52 euro person for an average buffet at night and the list can go on....Rooms were OK with a good service which, I believe, is the minimum when you spend an outrageous amount of money for three nightsBreakfast was average to say the least and, definitely, not for a five star hotelThe parks are just a mere copy of Orlando with lest attractions and more lines....you are standing in line most of the time, we had to wait four times for the attraction to resume work again as they were having technical problems all the time; this is something we never experienced, esp. for two consecutive daysThe care for details, which is a  must have  for Disney, was badly missed in Paris.....a lot of rust in the attractions and common areas which were, also, very dirtyThe prices are simply OUTRAGEOUS....40 Euro for 4 hot dogs and 4 sodas...everything so so expensive for very poor qualityWe spent new year's eve at La Grange : 150 euro each for waiting 40 minutes outside, under the rain, before getting to our table, 20 minutes to get a bottle of water on the table...we had to move our dishes as the waiters were not doing that and the list can go on....And this, for a buffet that was simply average and with long lines to get a small dish fullWhat a waste of money and, by the way, the prices for the other restaurants were even higherWe will NEVER EVER go back againWe spend for three days more than what we spent for a full week cruise with Disney during the same period of the year with an impeccable serviceWith the same amount of money we could have stayed in Orlando for ten days and this is my recommendationSave a bit of money, buy an air ticket and go there if you want to have a real Disney experience at the correct price...I think in Paris they are still living in another planet...I have never felt so  robbed  and disappointed in my life after a vacation....and I have been to more than 130 countries and hundreds of cities or hotels for business or holidays or bothI was extremely disappointed in the Disney experience which is NOTHING like the US. After waiting in line for over an hour, the cashier experienced 'technical difficulties' and we were made to queue in another line. I was accused of cutting the line and a man got physical with my 14 year old son. I then encountered more 'technical difficulties' when the restaurant I waited in line for also experienced technical difficulties and we were turned away. I then had to go to another park for lunch. At Hiperion i was told that out of 3 hamburger choices, none of them could be ordered with no cheese. My son is lactose intolerant and they finally agreed to give me a chicken sandwich with no cheese...it had cheese!We then tried getting onto Armageddon, Tower of Terror and two other rides, which all experienced  technical experiences !! We were only able to go on one ride during the entire day. NEVER AGAIN.And there were no friendly faces, no explanations and no apologies. We will never return and I truly do not recommend you invest in this experience.For the price you pay to be shoved around by unfriendly staff, queue for hours for every single ride and for any food item which then is of the poorest quality imaginable and incredibly overpriced is totally outrageous. Customer experience and service obviously means nothing to Disney! We were Ina. Restaurant and had to queue for hours, then as soon as queues got shorter they started closing tills so that the remaining ones had equally long queues. On our first day we managed a. Total of 4 rides because every one had between 70 and 90 minutes wait! It was an incredibly disappointing experience and we will surely never come back.Disney is supposed to make your dreams come true. Sadly the magic disappeared on day one when we arrived. The accommodation was fine, beds nice and comfy, a good size and clean. No kettle or drink making facilities in the room. We had to hire a kettle    25, which came with nothing !! Oh of course you have to buy a tea package to go with it.    9, what does that have in it? Four paper cups, PAPER CUPS ! Four tea bags, UHT milk in pots.Sugar and four biscuits. No thanks . Bought cups from store and got t bags from restaurants. Needed a wheelchair, no mobility scooters! Okay, you need to walk to the park for 20 mins which is quicker or catch the bus. Done ! In park you have hire scrappy wheelchair which didn't open properly or steer well.    125:00 deposit and    45 a day as well as the evening before use and morning of return even when we were not in the park.    90 to have it sitting in the corridor. The hotel would not return it for us. Bad organisation skills came to mind.....No facilites for a quick meal for the kids. Restaurant     27 per head all you eat buffett. No good for kids and diabetics on portion control. Bar snacks   all we offer is a slice of pizza and a pot of pasta heated in the microwave. So five portions and drinks   54 : (Breakfast buffet. Nothing for diabetics at all. Sugar cereals, fruit in syrup, white bread, cheeses, croissants......oh dear!On site queues everywhere. Expensive food and poor quality. Broken rides, rides closed and kids cold and disappointed. We had to queue to see Mickey, Whinnie the pooh and no other characters around. Very saddened by this. The best bits........ rides that were open, the parade was frequent and really exciting, Christmas lights everywhere made it look so magical, fireworks were heavenly but on too late so my children missed them. The best thing of all was the Character breakfast, it made their trip. Lots of food and lots of characters to visit them.I took my daughter here from Australia on the 4th of December 2013 after a very difficult year for her. It should have been an amazing time for her, but was most dissapointing. I took my son 15 years ago at the same time of the year and it was fabulous then. It is very dated and in need of a paint job and facelift. There were no great new rides or anyhthing fresh.So many things were closed and the only thing new was the Princess parlour which was all my daughter talked about doing and it was CLOSED. A lot of the food stalls were closed but of course all of the souvenir shops were open. The only other thing my daughter wanted other than the Princess makeover was an ice cream and as crazy as that is to want in December, thats what she wanted. The kiosks that sold icecream were either closed or had none left. We saw a 10 15 minute Xmas parade with the Characters and other than that we did not see another Character the whole day. Imagine going to Disneyland and not passing a Character after doing the whole park!This was a most dissapointing trip. If they are going to close down a lot due to Winter they should atleast warn you at the gates or discount the ticket.I took a school trip to Disneyland Paris recently   i was very, very disappointed. Rides not working, huge queues, poor quality food.... I have taken trips there, sometimes twice a year, for the last ten years, and I am considering whether this was the last one. Some of our group went on two rides in 6 hours. I queued for two rides, only for them to break down after at least half and hour's waiting. And it's not cheap. Disney must do something. Shocking.We went there with our children last year. Had a terrible experience. Staff on the train ride was completely rubbish and misbehaved. Shoving people in trains like some third world train station. Rude and unprofessional. On the contrary we had an excellent experience in our local theme parks in UK. I am surprised that in this day and age we compel ourselves to waste money in going to such a destination.Husband and I visited Paris Disneyland on a thursday with high expectations. The queue to get in is very short so we were in the park 10 minutes later. As soon as we got in I notice the place is so glum and not well maintained. I visited HK Disneyland in 2008 and it was much better. We have not had our breakfast when we went to Disneyland because we planned to have it in the park. Guess what?? No restaurants or stalls are open at 10am and I was starving and did not enjoy the first two hours in the park. At 12pm we queued up for lunch in a restaurant and the buffet is extortious,    27 per person!! Being a vegetarian i did not have much choice of food in the restaurant. On top of that the place they seated us had a strong smell from the toilet. This experience really dampen our experience.Most of the rides were the same with HK Disneyland. The one i particularly enjoy which i missed in hk is Teacup ride. December is the worse time to visit this park due to : they close early at 6 pm, lots of rides are closed for maintenance and it is too cold being outside!!!Main element that i missed in Paris Disneyland are the jinggles in the metro train ride approaching the park. It really does give me the 'feel' of Disneyland.We were a party of five, fifty something grandparents, late twenties parents and very nearly three year old grandson. My grandson had one ambition  to meet Lightening McQueen  and my daughter wanted the whole experience, most particularly to see a 'real' Disney Castle for the first time and to see the fake snow on main street. As she is the eldest of several siblings we had never felt able to justify the cost of a Disneyland trip against the potential benefits while she was growing up. How right we were.Our first experience was an argument with the uniformly rude, arrogant and supremely unhelpful staff. The travel agent had booked the trip when my grandson was two, and had not noted that he would be three for two of the four days of the trip. My daughter was told that she would have to pay on the basis of him being three for these two days, and unless we produced a credit card, now, we could not be admitted. The debate went on for an hour and involved us having to contact the travel agent in England on my phone. Painstakingly, the staff began to move towards the understanding that this was an issue between the park and the travel agent and that the customers should be admitted without extra payment. This was however only after I handbagged two receptionists in my bad grandma French, having dealt with my grandson watching a stream of children skipping past him, and his ongoing questions about when he would be allowed in to see Lightening McQueen. The staff's English was apparently poor, but when confronted with a bolshy grandma loudly asserting 'il est fatigue' 'l'enfant faut manger, il est un petit garcon' alongside the ministrations of the English travel agent, they began to move.... slowly. The fact that a tired, hungry little boy just wanted to see his cartoon hero did not seem to make any impression upon them at all. This set the tone for the holiday.The staff on the park are, in general, rude and unhelpful, bringing a new dimension to the term 'jobsworth'. If you speak to them in English they indicate that they don't understand you; if you then speak back to them in French, they reply in English, presumably because their attempt not to deal with you is clearly not going to work. My daughter, my son in law and grandson waited in line for quite some time so grandson could have his photograph taken with Mickey Mouse. When they got to the front of the queue, Mickey looked at his watch and then informed them in French that it was his time to leave, so no photo. When they protested they were told 'fini, you go 'ome'. They also waited in line to get my grandson's face painted. When they got there they were first of all told that they did not do bespoke requests (he wanted to be a spider, not an off the card Disney character), and then when the staff found out he was not yet three (his birthday was the following day) they said they wouldn't do it at all because under threes were not paying customers. Unfortunately, Grandma was not there with her bad French and handbag (the grandparents went to Paris on the train that day), so he never got the photo or the face paint. The food is expensive and extremely poor quality; finding unprocessed vegetable matter in the day to day offering was extremely rare. We were charged nearly   10 for one very ordinary giant hotdog; two burger bar quality chicken nuggets and chips portions were   35 euros. There is a garage at the entrance to the hotel we stayed in (Santa Fe), to which a steady stream of guests with carrier bags walked backwards and forwards. A packet of crisps that was 3 euros on the park was just over 1 euro in the garage, for example. Obviously, the choice of food was pretty limited in the garage (similar to what one would find in an English garage shop) so this was only a partial solution. For a main meal, the standard fare in both the Santa Fe and Cheyenne was an all you can eat buffet for 23.50 euros a head with only very poor, synthetic food available (e.g., pizza, chips, chicken nuggets, hot dogs, a range of sugary desserts such as doughnuts etc). As diabetics, a lot of what was on offer was unsuitable for the grandparents; even the pizza tasted sweet, and gave me all the physical symptoms of having eaten something very sugary. We don't usually tick the 'special diet' boxes; as lightly medicated type 2s we had never been in any 'catered' situation where we have failed to find a range of things we can safely eat .... except last week, in Disneyland Paris.Guests in the Disney hotels are allowed into the park at 8am, two hours before the general 10am opening, but do make sure you go to the toilet first, as you can't bank on them being open. We found only one ladies open, with the gents next to it padlocked, for e.g. Also, other grandmas out there, don't expect to be able to get a cup of tea while the offspring go on the rides as the cafes on the park are also closed until the general opening time. In fact, don't expect to be able to get a cup of tea anywhere  the choice at meal times in the hotel is coffee, hot chocolate, orange juice, milk or water, and there are no tea  coffee making facilities available in the rooms. The only place we found we could get a decent cup of tea was Starbucks in Paris! There is a Starbucks just outside the Disney park (alongside some other international fast food chain restaurants), but the prices on this strip still appeared to be inflated to a similar level that is found on the park itself. The best I can say about the experience is that the rooms were meticulously cleaned everyday and maintained to a high standard, and, as small children will, my grandson did still find magic in sleeping in a Lightening McQueen decorated room, going on the rides that were suitable for him (and, take note, those with under 7s, there are not huge amounts of these, although we had expected this) and seeing the 'Cars' show, with Lightening as the star turn. However as far as grandma is concerned, the whole experience has certainly dispelled any magic Disney ever held for me. Sorry Uncle Walt, even though when I was not much older than my grandson is now, I viewed the Disney castle icon as a delicious promise that a film or TV programme was going to be really good, as far as I am concerned, you not only ripped me off, but also my daughter and my three year old grandson, and I really, really don't like you anymore. Your 'magic kingdom' was not so much 'wishing upon a star so dreams come true' as 'the nightmare before Christmas' for me.It's way too overcrowded. The queues for the rides are 2 hours , too long for kids and too long for adults. Queues for food, coffee, toilets. Overpriced mediocre food with not enough seats to sit down. Few characters to see. Don't bother it's a rip offWe've just return from DLP and what a total rip off!!! the prices for food was extortionate, they know you have to pay them or you would starve!!!! yes the kids loved it but what child wouldn't! They don't worry about prices and food etc and they would have loved a trip to Alton towers which may I say is far better that DLP..cheaper and way better rides. the food cost totally ruined our enjoyment..The only thing they have are Disney charactors, but we hardly saw them we had to search for them!! the parade was good but over in 10 mins..We paid   90 a day to eat rubbish plastic chicken and poor beef burgers for 4 of us (and the kids shared whenever they could) We stayed at the Santa Fe Hotel it was ok but no tea or coffee in room we had to pay 12euros about   10.80 for 2 teabags 2 coffee sachets and 2 sugars 1 pack of 2 biscuits ...yes can you believe it cos we couldn't.... in the Disney village they we exchanging currancy at a rate of 79cent to   1 daylight robbery.. we were so relieved to get back to England we had a KFC boneless family bucket with proper chicken for   14 fed all 4 of us, we don't know how lucky we are.. The French do not know how to smile or give you a warm welcome the next time I go to Disney will be Florida cos at least the Yanks know how to give folks a good time without ripping you off..Disneyland Paris overrated, overpriced and overthere!!!! Walt Disney will be turning in his grave!!!!We're a family with young children so it seemed like a great idea. But from the moment we arrived at the airport to the bitter end it was endlessly terrible. There is no signage when you get to Charles de Gaulle airport to help you at all. So that was a bad start but we worked it out.When we arrived at the train station, again nothing to explain what to do now, but again with three small children and suitcases we wandered round the multiple bus stops and worked it out.The buses come every 20 minutes, so when ours arrived the huge queue of teenagers piled onto it, leaving us and about 30 other people standing there to await this bus to go all the way to the hotel and come back to get us, we'd been up since 4am to get here and the kids were starting to get very tired etc. But with the prospect of getting to the hotel and back to the park we could cope with it.We finally just jumped in a cab and got to our Hotel, The Magic Circus. I stood with one person in front of me and one person behind the counter for 45 mins waiting to check in. Meanwhile several other disgruntled guests came down to complain that the desk were handing out multiple keys to the same room, including one family who'd had a stranger walk in on his children.By now my kids are going spare and the hotel is doing nothing to speed up the check in process at 3pm in the afternoon. You would think they might have guessed people would arrive around that time.After an hour or so we are checking in and they haven't got my booking, but give me keys to a room and we will 'sort out the issue later'.We get to the room change and head back out to wait for the packed bus to take us back to the park.Upon arrival i head off to buy tickets and am directed to an office where I'm told that it's cheaper to buy annual passports than tickets for all of us for 3 days. I'm also told to buy a certain level of passport otherwise there are 'lock out days' that we won't be able to get in on. So i pay 600 euros for these annual Disney passports for the whole family.They tell me when we head into the park I have to get the passports validated before 6pm. FIne i send the rest of the family off to actually see something in the park whilst i go to get the passports validated.I wait 40 mins in a queue before being told that the whole family must be here to get the passports validated, plus as i have my youngest child in a pram i have to leave him there as we is not allowed up the 2 steps to get to the desk to sort out the passports. It's a health and safety issue.So i have to go and search the park and drag my tired and upset family back to the passport office, queue for another 20 mins before they finally see us, take pictures and validate these Eurodisney passports.Ok so we're finally free to look around the park, we've missed the parade, the kids are in tears, my wife's furious with me because i've been away the whole time...But we decide to make a fresh start of it and go from here.Every ride has at least 60 minute queues, some 90 mins. Even to get a snack or bottle or water we were queueing for 10 to 15 minutes.We've had enough for the day so decide to head home on the horrific bus and go to bed and start again tomorrow. A complete waste of time and money so far.I try to buy the kids an ice cream but the staff treat you with such contempt that i thought i must have been in the wrong area, five people behind the counter chatting to each other whilst i stood in front of them trying to catch their eye, when i asked where i should order the ice cream he just scoffed gave his friend the 'who's this idiot' look and said 'here of course'. We go back to the hotel for some awful food, and to sleep.Day 2, get up and head to the park. Only to be told that the EuroDisney passports we had been sold yesterday for 600 euros were not valid for the rest of our stay as they were Lock Out days.I nearly hit the roof, I found someone who worked there and looked like he actually knew what he was doing. I explained that we had been missold these very expensive EuroPassports and that we just wanted to leave now and get a refund.  No  Disney doesn't do refunds.He called someone on the walky talky and sorted it that we could get into the park. Told us just to go to the entry point and explain, they would then check the files and let us in.We walk over to the ticket point...  It's a lock out day you can't come in  i know it's a lock out day but it's on the system to allow us in  we can't access the system. You'll have to go all the way over to the other side of the park to get someone else to check it By now I was close to tears, the rest of the family way past that point.We trek over to the other side of the park have the whole conversation again with someone else who now checks the files and lets us in.FINALLY WE ARE IN!!But every ride is again 60 to 90 minute waits, to eat at a restaurant you have to book (no one tells you this) even the awful fast food is a 45 minute wait.They have given us a couple of passes to go up through the exit and get straight on a ride. I take the kids on 2 rides, we queue 50 mins for a bad hamburger...and leave.The contempt of the staff, the queues, the borderline inedible food, the terrible atmosphere where people think nothing of yanking your pram out the way to get past, the start to finish nightmare that this holiday was has actually made it hard to write this review.I still get upset when i think of the fact that my family's one holiday of the year was the most appalling experience possible. EuroDisney looks great, but it is the worst holiday you could ever wish upon your worst enemy.Of course not everyone would have this bad a time there, but be warned. This was a very expensive mistake and has ruined the Disney brand for us and our kids. Their movies have such care, attention and quality, but EuroDisney destroys that all.It was well cared for and clean with very expensive and poor quality food. Overall it was a day out but I do not recommend adult travellers bother with this park. Kids were having great fun as kids do. The quality of the park is way below my expectations. The attached movie studios were an even greater disappointment. If you have children, by all means take them. It'll cost you about    250 300 for your day. I was leaving an attraction when I overheard a man ask a staffer in English where the toilets were and the staffer replied no English. The man then said toilette? The staffer pointed into the distance.HUGE HUGE HUGE disappointment. This should be called Disney EuroMall because it's really just a massive overpriced shopping extravaganza with a FEW real rides scattered about.Restaurants about the park that closed at 4PM!!!!! Rides that closed at 6PM!!!! Funny that the gift shops stayed open well past closing though. Enter the park after sunset and STILL pay full day admission. Venues and rides that were breaking down and or generally not open to the public. And big doses of that lovely French attitude when we inquired why things were closed. It's Disneyland Paris so I was ready for the pushing and shoving by the hoards of frog families invading the park...what I wasn't prepared for was the ridiculously overpriced food (160z Coke Zero    4.99; hot dog for    9.00, etc.).When all was said and done, we felt like we'd paid some    130 per person for the priviledge of just being able to walk inside the gates of a large Disney shopping mall. What a FAKE experience.I could almost imagine a disgusted (and cryogenically frozen) Walt Disney rolling over in his frigid grave at the shame that has been brought upon his good Disney name.We stayed at Davy Crockett range which was great. This gave us the 2hrs extra in the morning from 8.00 to 10.00, what we never knew was only 3 rides and a few eating places were open. Not a single character to be seen anywhere till 11.00 hidden behind the Videopolis building.We went in on Friday 18th October, 5 of he main rides where not open. We queued for the Autopia ride, it was laughable watching the staff repeatedly try to start the engines as one after the other cars broke down. We were a party of 8 in 4 separate cars, 3 of these cars broke down. What amazed me most was that on Pirates of the Caribean ride, Small world ride, Tram tour ride and Peter Pan several boats, trams and cars where sent around empty, even though hundreds of people were queuing. It didn't make sense and just frustrated everyone as there was not explanation or reason. Most rides exceeded the estimated times by ages, spoiling the whole day. The staff operating the rides lacked enthusiasm, looked lethargic, and really just couldn't be bothered.As for prices, you would need a second mortgage to eat there everyday.Got to just say again the behind the scene tram ride was delayed over the advertised time by over 1hr with every tram only filled by 50% and 2 trams either withdrawn or broken down.Having been to Florida Disney I would say save up and have a trip to remember not a French disaster.Recent trip to Disneyland Paris with my gluten lactose free family and ordered the Natama allergy free meals as they said that was are only safe choice, it arrived in plastic (yes was microwaved!) and the plastic (which I doubt is BPA free) was melted around the food ! Horrid ! Dessert for my 3 kids was apple or pear sauce  all served in plastic. Seriously a disgrace ! Almost felt like it was served to make us feel out of place. My children would have felt better if I had brought my own food for them  as this certainly nade them feel like freaks. Breakfast was also a joke ! They had to ask 3 different people about  gluten free  anything  and then they arrived with half frozen bread that they could not safely toast for us.All the buffet had was gluten and milk ! We found one bowl of fruit  and hoped for the best and had that and water for breakfast. Seriously shameful !I absolutely love Disney and go to Disney in Florida every year, have been to Disneyland Paris a couple of times previously and really enjoyed it, but this time it wash complete let down and total rip off. The majority if the restaurants were closed, the ones that were open we're serving the same food, I asked for a burger without mushrooms (allergy) and got told if I didn't like it, eat somewhere else.Four of the main rides were closed, part of the park closed early. The rides that were open were kind of tatty (can't believe I'm saying that about Disney) but a lot of the rides could have done with a lick of paint.The main problem though, the prices,    7 for two cans of soft drink   never again.I'd save and go to wdw instead!!Rides broken down, terrible food and long queues.  Also found the staff and other park users very rude.Having brought a 2 day pass online before travelling, the start of a 3 week tour of cities in Europe we went to the ticket office to pick them up the staff informed us we needed 2 forms of photographic identity they were arrogant and inflexible even showing the paperwork and email on our phone confirming it.The park itself is celebrating its 20th anniversary and it looks like it hasn't been maintained since day one, the rides are old and uninspired, the disney characters were few and far between no Mickey or Minnie.Even though we had no children with us, we had wanted to visit whilst in Paris, the day was sunny and warm and refreshment was needed, a 330ml bottle of coke was    6.50 !!!! 4x the cost of petrol, The soft toys and figures in the shop expensive and everything made in China ??? Come on Disney do us all a favour and STOP Ripping of families.    79 a day entry why?Just come back from tPirates of the Caribbean irates of the Caribbean is attraction and have to say it was spoiled by our experience on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride.On arrival at the park the staff advised us to get a green card for my son with severe learning difficulties, they said it would enhance his experience, and enable him to use the disabled entrances and ensure his disabilities were taken into account. This generally worked well and he was able to enjoy the rides with them taking the time to ensure he had time to get on off the rides, and also queue in a more suitable environment. The last ride was the Pirates of the Caribbean, and on arrival we were directed to the disabled 0entrance and the staff advised there would be a ten minute wait, this was quickly changed to twenty minutes (not a problem), then a staff member said it would be at least an hour but he could not guarantee this. We could not wait for a hour as we had to leave before then, and I told an extremely disappointed son that we would have to leave despite all the others arriving after us having got on. On leaving we went past the main entrance which showed a expected wait time of 5 minutes, so we thought we would try this and got on the ride in less than this.I felt extremely aggrieved that instead being reasonably treated, as one would expect when directed by the staff to a certain entrance, that the treatment received was very discriminatory. The attitude of the staff operating this ride was appalling, and a very poor example of Disney hospitality.I wonder if Disney corporation is name only as nothing like 2 other parks. Filthy, allows smoking, and butts cover the ground. Cups, food left laying where people put down, rotten wood, terrible need of paint all around. Florida park has workers designated to do nothing but walk around and pick up trash. CA park older but clean. Paris park is filthy, dirty, and rides are poorly run. Needs major overhaul in loading procedures. Problem is as long as park makes money, no one will do anything. Expect to queue anything from 40 to 80 minutes for the ride. 1 fast pass available at a time with long queues even for them.  Only managed to go on 4 rides all day.It's no secret that a visit here doesn't come cheap but Disney take the term rip off to a whole new level. You get some idea of what is to come when you book the tickets online and discover that the Disney definition of an adult is a 12 year old. However, having paid    229 for tickets for 3 adults (my 13 year old being an adult according to Disney) and 1 child (   300 at the gate so if you have to go then definitely book in advance) it came as an unpleasant surprise to be charged an additional    15 for parking. Once inside, the overcharging continues   e.g. almost    3 for a small bottle of coke or water.However, none of this is that unexpected but what we didn't expect were the length of the queues for most of the rides. We queued for 50 minutes to an hour for 2 pretty average rides which once you are on them lasted less than a minute. Some of the queues for the popular rides were 70 minutes. There is a fast pass option but it is of very limited use and we only managed to use it once. We then queued for over 30 minutes for Phantom Manor and then spent another 20 minutes stuck in the lift which traumatised my daughter and ruined the rest of the day as she was reluctant to go on any of the other rides. The operator seemed to have no idea of what was going on and when questioned merely responded with  technical problem . The apology when we were eventually released was very token.I have honestly had much better days out at Thorpe Park and Chessington World of Adventures at a fraction of the cost. We emailed Disney with our complaint when we returned home and received an automated response promising that thay would contact us  very soon . More than 2 weeks later we have still not heard from them.Go to florida! The park has a serious wasp issue, the ques were ridiculously long, one afternoon we managed (With fastpass) 3 ques and 2 rides, we had to leave to meet a booked dinner slot. So 4 hours of my life wasted. The placed needed a lick of paint. Want to meet the characters? Forget it, quing for hours to have a photo with a guy dressed in a suit is not worth it. Biggest waste of my money and time. Did I mention the wasps, makes quing interesting. Smokers should be banned from the place, you cannot get away from tobacco smoke, my poor kids are now on 40 a day. Please avoid at all costs and go to florida, or blackpool where this siht is expected! Not sure what all these 4 & 5 star reviews are about? Crowded, long queues (over an hour for everything), smokey atmosphere and rude people. Unable to clearly view the parade at the end and my son was held up on a lampost by my husband so he could see.The food we ate was good though if not very epensive and slow to serve.We thought we were doing the right thing by buying our tickets online before arriving only to find that  it takes 24 hours for the online tickets to be recognised at the gate  so straight into a 45min queue in the blazing sun just to get our pre bought tickets recognised. We should have turned around and went home at this stage, but they already had our money. Once we finally got inside all we found that we could get to were souvenier shops or overpriced food stalls. The wait time for any ride was one or two hours. How is this fun for kids? If the place can't handle this many people they should cap how many they let in. But they are quite happy to take thousands of people's money on a busy day and for them all to have a crappy time. In the four hours we spent there 3 hours were spent in lines, 4 minutes on rides and 56 minutes sitting down wondering what it was all for. Commercialised crap. I felt so sorry for my 8yo daughter, it was so dissapointing for her. I even felt sorry for my 40yo husband who was almost as excited to go, and was equally disgusted. Save your money people. If you want to have a nice day out with your kids take them to the beach or a park instead!!We booked a three night trip to visit Eurodisney with our 4 and 5 year old children. We stayed at the Explorers hotel, which was the perfect place for our family (see the separate review).However, we were bitterly disappointed by the 2 day Eurodisney experience. We arrived on day one around 10.15 and queued to bag check for ten minutes. Little did we realise this would be the shortest queue of the day!As Explorers isn't a Disney hotel, we couldn't take advantage of the earlier opening times, nor were the rides aimed at my children's age group included in the Fastpass scheme.We started by going around the Sleeping Beauty castle at my 4 year old's request. There was no queue. We walked around and it was very pretty and gave good views from the upper floor which enabled us to get our bearings a bit more. As we exited, the ubiquitous gift shop offering princess dresses was situated outside. The price for a Rapunzel princess dress sized for a 5 year old was 70 euros! We then went on the carousel (30 min wait) and then into the Pinnochio ride which was advertised at 20 min ride, getting to the front of the queue in 40 minutes! Half way around the queue, my youngest needed the toilet, so I ducked out the queue, leaving my other half with the other child, and we went to use possibly the dirtiest toilets I have used in a very long time (remember, this was only 11.30) situated around the back of the ride. We were able to rejoin the family in the queue. My children found part of the ride quite scary and my daughter proclaimed that she really hated the ride when we got off!So, keen to get the day back on track, we decided to go into Adventureland to grab lunch. Forgive me for including the following experience, but I think it demonstrates the poor customer service very well:We visited the Cafe Agrabah and arrived just before noon as we wanted to ensure we got there early in case we needed to wait. Already there was a couple with a young child in a pushchair who had already made a reservation. The greeter started by stating that the restaurant was not yet open. We said we would wait. She then said  there are no tables until 2.30 . OK, I said, we will book and come back.  I can't take a booking until noon . I replied,  It's noon now!   Oh , she replied,  Is it?  The other couple said  Is it possible for us to go inside?   We don't open until noon  was the reply.  It's noon now , said the couple.  You need to book as we are fully booked .  We have booked  replied the couple.  For what time?  said the greeter.  Noon , replied the couple.  I will have to check  said the greeter who then disappeared, leaving her colleague, when queried where his colleague was, he just said  I don't work on this desk . Flabbergasted, we left the poor couple waiting to see if they would ever be allowed into the restaurant.We then decided, as clearly a buffet lunch was going to be too difficult, we would just get a snack.So, we called in at the Hakuna Matata fast food joint. There were massive queues and, despite it now being 12.25, it was clear they hadn't started serving lunch!So, we joined the queue to at least pay for the order. There was very limited choice   basically it was glorified chicken nuggets and chips with a salad option for the vegetarians. The children's menu didn't include fries   just the choice between 8 cherry tomatoes in a bag or plain boiled rice. We then waited 15 minutes to actually get our food and wished we hadn't bothered. We ended up paying 38 euros for two adult meals and two children's meals. The content of the adult meal was five 8cm x 4 cm pieces of breaded chicken and a few serrated slices of deep fried potato plus a diet coke, the children's meal was two 8cm x 3cm pieces of breaded chicken (unseasoned) then one child had 8 cherry tomatoes and the other had rice. They also got a yoghurt drink and apple juice. The wrong juice was supplied   we had to correct the order, and the child meal with rice wasn't supplied   so had to be corrected.The inside seating area was filthy and dark. A memorable meal for all the wrong reasons, we ate quickly and left. The competition have  No Worries  with this one. We went up the Swiss family robinson treehouse (queue kept moving so not bad) which gave good views of the park but left with the youngest declaring  This is boring, can we do something good now .We found the Pirate area and were much relieved to discover two little play parks to occupy the children. They then wanted to go on the impressive looking Pirate ship on the water   but it wasn't open to the public!We ventured into the caves and eventually queued up for 45 minutes to go on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride which the children enjoyed (although queuing in the dark was a little frightening for my youngest).Returning to Fantasyland , we joined the mammoth queue on the Dumbo ride. This little cracker took 80 minutes to get onto the 2 minute ride. However, we were kept entertained by a large number of the queuing punters having a row over two women with children elbowing their way through the queue. There was a round of applause when the ride attendant told them to leave without going on the ride. There was a pungent aroma of urine in the queue   we discovered the reason for this later!We followed this with an ice cream   which was absolutely rock hard! I have never seen such over frozen ice cream ever! We wondered if this was simply the booth we had chosen   but we visited another booth the next day and it was the same.We decided to visit the It's a Small World ride, which I had visited in Florida, so knew what to expect. The children loved it and the 20 minute ride wasn't too onerous. We ended our day in Fantasyland to go on the Autopia ride. The queue advertised 45 minutes, but ended up being 65 minutes. Just within sight of the end of the queue, both children needed the toilet, so we had to forego the ride having queued for all that time..... Now we know why the Dumbo ride was pongy   parents didn't dare step out of the queue to take their children to the toilet!The following day, we got there a little earlier   and was greeted by longer queues for the bag check. We started by racing around to the car ride we had failed to make the day before, but found the queue as long as we had left it the day before! We duly queued for an hour and got to go on the two minute ride! We did the Nautilus walkthrough attraction (no queue) and then saw the Captain EO which the grown ups enjoyed but children found a bit scary. We decided to get on the Disney train to go around to Frontierland for lunch   big mistake. We didn't get on the first train, so had to wait for the next one which was being taken from a siding. When it arrived, was covered in soot which got on everyone's clothes and was moving slowly (until a driver got out of the train and sprinkled sand on the tracks to give it traction!) We abandoned our lunch plan, and decided to go to the Disney Studio Park for lunch. We arrived and had decided we would just grab a hot dog. There were three people in front of us in the queue, yet it still took 20 minutes to be served! The kids were complaining about being hungry and when I got to the front of the queue, I was greeted with the news that there were only three hotdogs left! The time was 1.30pm.So, now understanding why other guests in our hotel were smuggling rolls out at breakfast time, we abandoned the queue and found another stand and walked away victorious with four cold hot dogs, two cokes, two juices and two packets of salt and vinegar crisps (no ketchup left!) Another 38 euros...We aimed for Toy story playland as it looked in the guide like it would be more suitable for our children's age group. Sadly, this wasn't the case. We went on the slinky dog ride (30 minute wait) and the Flying Carpet ride (45 minute wait) but the 90 minute wait on the other rides put us off! We then watched the Stars and Cars parade of 14 cars at 4pm. The children, seemingly completely underwhelmed, said  Please can we go back to the hotel now and have a swim!?!  So we left!I had previously been to Disneyland Florida with a friend and her children, but went with an open mind. I was expecting a lot of rides to be unsuitable for the children as they are young and haven't been on rides before. I am used to the concept of the ridiculous queues (although Florida seem to make it more enjoyable). I was not expecting great quality food. I also knew we were unlikely to see the Disneyland Park parade or evening show as they are simply too late for the children (7pm and 10pm respectively). I am not afraid of paying the price for a good service and quality product   however, in my opinion, Eurodisney offers neither. As other reviewers have also noted   Eurodisney completely lacks the Disney magic experience that usually makes it palatable to pay the high prices. We won't be back.Really bad value.  Spieleland near ravensburg, Germany is much better.  Save yourself money and avoid this rip off!I was surprised how small it was. I am used to bigger theme parks with better rides. Long queues for poor rides. Only a few characters were walking around and Donald Duck was specially mean to the kids. To see the Princesses you had to make a queue (only 5 times a day with people left out being really mad) to make an appointent to see them. Nice. The parade is nothing like I expected from Disney. And just make it to make it worst, what terrible uniforms the staff had to wear. They made them unisex, bad for both. If you go to Paris you will find lots of better places to you. Go with your children when they are under 5 so they won  t notice all the bad things!I went to Disney Paris when I was 5. Fifteen years later my innocent view of what a Disney Park looks like was ruined. We were a family of 5, my father, mother, teenage sister and 10 year old brother and I. First off, we had rented a car and the great thing was we could pay 15 Euros for parking at the venue for the entire day. However, as we walk towards the Disney attractions we find Army men with large guns and unpleasant faces patrolling the area about 100 meters away from the gates which allow you to go into the Disney Village. I understand that safety is the utmost importance in a place where millions of people gather, however, this park is for children, you're not meant to scare anyone. People are supposed to feel safe, not threatened. They should find a solution to their Army men located in prime areas maybe in a colorful fortress where children might not be frightened by the scene. As we walked into the village, the place seemed beautiful. People laughing, kids running and a wide selection of well known restaurants. We were instantly attracted to eating at Planet Hollywood, having tried it in London and Orlando we were enthusiastic to try it in France too. It was horrible. The lady at the service area was grumpy and pissed off, the food was not anything Planet Hollywood should be proud to sell and the tables were dirty. Everything was so cramped up in the center and it was all an unpleasant experience. After our meal, we decided we to check out the IMAX cinema which featured all the latest movies. My younger brother was so keen on watching 'Lone Ranger' we decided to go. Now to attract more people the French must understand that they must swallow their pride! Every movie was showing in French! I thought it was obnoxious, especially since they need tourists to like what they offer because of the depressed economic situation in France. I've realized that if we didn't know a few words in French they dealt with their customers poorly. It made me wonder what kind of customer service philosophy they have. I've traveled all over the world, and they've made it clear that they're talking to us because they have to if they want to make any business. The queues were outstanding, 75 to 90 minutes of waiting on rides that last about 30 seconds. They lack in organization skills; a place where the most organization is needed. If Disney Paris don't get their act together they could be losing so many more people in the years to follow. All in all, the thing that really discomforted me and really made me regret the experience was the lack of respect the people working their had for their customers. It was absolutely unbelievable. The people in the rides speak with a tone of frustration, the people at counters are absolutely cold and the whole atmosphere is just dull. There were a few moments when we went into the Studios park and the Attraction park where we found happy people to serve us but that was a rarity; and we had bought 3 day tickets so that was a bummer. Definitely the worst Disneyland experience ever!Visited in August, which is a busy time of year. Easy travel on the RER train from central Paris. Arrived at 11:00 am. Queued for about 15 minutes before entering the park, for bag check. Long queues for rides and for food once inside the park. Only managed to do 4 rides during the whole day! Two of the rides we wanted to do were closed due to  technical difficulties . We left at 8:30 pm to catch the train back to Paris. A big disappointment for the family. We won't be going back again.Stayed over and went to Eurodisney, spent all day in queues managed to get on two rides, first was a maze, the second we had to put in a ticket and go back 5 hours later for the twilight zone tower of terror which is a good ride. Overall opinion, overpriced and long queues. Would have been better off at Blackpool Pleasure Beach.As the frequent customers of Disney Parks and admirers of the brand, we were so disappointed with Disneyland Paris. Whilst the facilities were kept clean and in good condition, we were annoyed by so many people smoking. This is probably the only Disney park in the world that allows smokers to freely smoke anywhere inside the park! (I guess they probably lose more money if they don't allow people to smoke?!?) That has spoiled our experience    we simply didn't want to queue up for anything, including the meeting with the characters.The Parks is not big but has most of the usual attractions one would see at other Disney parks. Although it was still during the 20th anniversary celebration, the shows, parades & fireworks were not that extravagant. There were so few shows when we were there.We didn't understand the crowd either    nobody seemed to be considerate of others at all. The people in front didn't bother to sit down to let others in the back see the parades or evening shows fireworks in front of the Castle. No cast members seem to be doing anything. One French guy asked his countrymen politely to sit down but they didn't bother.The only surprise we had was there was no queue for Space Mountain in the evening!Overall, we would rate it only better than Disneyland Hong Kong, which continues to be the bottom of our list of Disney Parks.Why did we go? We spent a small fortune and we did it on a relatively small budget. Standing for over an hour for a 60 second ride. In a small town fair you could have the same thing for   2 it would last longer and no wait!!! Dreadful food dreadful crowds. Standing in sea of stupidity. I feel ashamed that we bought into this. We do this because of the advertising and peer pressure hype. The emperor's new clothes brought bang up to date !!In short, massively disappointing. We spent about 7 hours there today (a Thursday in late august 2013) I would say over 6hrs of it was spent in one queue or another   long queues to get in, for food, the rides, the shows, even to get out. On arrival, was really looking forward to it, my children were bubbling over with excitement. With most of the attractions we took one look at the hundreds of people in the queue and didn't bother. We went on 3 rides all day, which my 2 kids liked whilst they lasted (about 5 mins). Im sorry Disney, but you cannot expect young children to wait around in a queue for an hour. My wife had to queue for over an hour for a few MacDonalds type overpriced cheeseburgers. There really is nowhere to buy food that is decent (I expected inflated food prices so didn't mind that too much). To rub salt in the wounds our 2 day pass cost us Euro404   a huge cost for a very disappointing experience. I would liken it to paying   20 an hour for the privilege of queuing with a mass of humanity   at one point I formed the view that waiting in line with bored, fractitious children at heathrow was better than this, at least at heathrow you weren't paying for it! After the disaster with Disneyland itself, we decided to give the neighbouring Studios a try, with a show. Sold out. We gave up at this point. For my taste, there is not enough in the way of characters walking around, and too much in the way of shops and trying to sell you overpriced tat. As my mind wandered in the day (and my spirits slowly deflated, from optimism, to resignation, to frustration, finally to exhaustion and  get me out of here  claustrophobia) I felt a rising disillusionment with in your face global branding consumerism. Speaking personally, I could not wait to get out of the place (even had to queue for that for half an hour). As my wife said at the end LEGOLAND Windsor was better than that. Summed it up really. The worst of it is, as I write this, I have to go back tomorrow, as we booked a 2 day pass! Urgghhhh! Seriously, I wouldn't bother. Disney, get your act together please   this place is truly awful. (Duncan, a disgruntled barrister, from London)Targeted at young children and not many rides for older guests. Staff really need to brush up on their English skills and the food is awful. I really wouldn't advise visiting as its a waste of money.This park was a total disappointment for us.Tickets are pricy, so you would expect to get a joy for the day.What we actually got were long lines, relatively few attractions and a lot of merchandising.For example, the line for the roller coaster was over an hour. Other attractions had long lines as well.Just wondering around was nice. Atmosphere is good, but the kids got board since they were looking for action, which we couldn't find.I visited Disneyland Paris with my family (teenage daughter and 9 year old son) on a stopover visit to Paris last week. I experienced the worst day out at an establishment that is run by people who obviously do not understand the brand they are trying to sell; and that's what it is   a sales trick. At Disneyland Paris I found some (mostly malfunctioning) adventure rides positioned as an enticement to the biggest retail space in Paris. Disneyland Paris is not about fun rides, it's about spending your currency in Disney outlets. The rides don't work   we arrived at a ridiculously crowded park last week and spent the whole day there (10am   11.45pm). Having paid over   200 for tickets to gain admission we queued for 6 different rides during the day; four of which either broke down before we could get on them or broke down while we were on and had to be evacuated. My 9 year old son was evacuated from two of his favourite Disney 'story' rides through backstage areas featuring trash bins and service vehicles   in his words  the magic died  that day and so did my interest in anything to do with Disney. The irony of it all was that while we were sat on broken down rides the PA speakers were pumping out messages about the Disney magical fantasy experience spanning 20 years! The only highlight of the day was the Buffalo Bill Wild West show which I took the .children to in the evening to make up for a ruined day out   costing me another   200 for the show but at least it was worth it   well run and friendly service, good food and some great cowboy action. An enjoyable fantasy.So in conclusion buyer beware; if you want fun adventure rides that work and represent value for the money you pay to get in   then stay well away from Disneyland Paris or run the risk of experiencing a day like ours. Go to a fun rides park instead.Everyone was rude, pushing in infront of the children. The queues were too long and slow moving. It was too busy and far too expensive.We have just returned from a 4 day stay at DLP with our 4 children aged 5, 10 and 14. Not one to ever write reviews, I am totally appalled by the lack of so called 'magic' Disney Land Paris has to offer. There is a no smoking policy, however NO ONE adheres to it. You can be stood in a queue 250 people deep full of people smoking, happily puffing smoke into your children's lungs... regardless of the fact that you are outside, DLP stinks of cigarettes! Not to mention armpits... due to the fact that people are expected to wait around for hours on end in the heat queueing for a ride that only lasts between 1 and 2 minutes. Hardly the magical fairy tale land you are led to believe it is!As for the toilets... can they not afford a cleaner? Our first impressions of DLP were the toilets at the entrance and I can honestly say they were filthy and the stench of urine was enough to make you feel sick. So on top of the stench of armpits, urine and cigarettes nearly every ride we attempted to go on was broken. The Rockin Roller Coaster, Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, Pirates Of The Carribbean.... in fact we got stuck half way through our Pirates Of The Caribbean ride on quite a steep slope in the dark which frightened our girls.... only to be left there for 20 minutes! When we were eventually evacuated from the building via the fire escape! Did we get an apology? Of course not. You will wait for hours for your ride.... and if your little girl wants to see a Princess they no longer just walk around the park... you have to get in line and queue for a couple of hours. Its handwork to say the least, however this was peak season. On positive note the parades are very good as is the light show at the end.Our accommodation was clean, we were a party of 6 so we had to stay in Davey Crocketts Ranch. Ask for a new cabin on arrival if you can, they are much better than the older ones! On arrival the reception staff were a little moody.... not what you would expect from Disney. So all in all Disney's motto is  Do you believe in Magic  my answer is NO! A shocking waste of money! Bring in on the spot smoking fines for all those ignorant smokers polluting the lungs of small children! Clean up the on site toilets, ensure your rides are up to the 1000's of disappointed tourists they endure each day! Shame on you Disney Land Paris!Don't bother!It's a cheap, over priced imitation of the real thing and you'll spend most of the day queuing up.Quite frankly e79 for a few rides is about as overpriced as you're likely to get.If its rides you're after then you'll get far better at any county show. Maybe worth considering on a fine Autumn or Spring day when there aren't so many crowds.The Disney characters are few and far between. It's located a few miles outside of Paris so it does mean that it is a whole day off your itinerary especially as you have to add queuing time to anything you actually do. The restaurants were equally bad in terms of queues.we visited disneyland the back end of august 2013, we booked for 2 days to ensure we had enough time to get around both parks. we stayed at a hotel not far from the park, but a bus ride, after sandwiching us onto a bus like sardines and having to fight to squeeze onto the bus, we eventually arrived at the park. we went through bag checks, got our tickets and entered the park... the amount of visitors is overwhelming and the park is not big enough to deal with them all. grown adults pushing their way around the park, knocking over your children, the queuing is terrible, the shortest ride we queued for was 30 minutes, there were 5 of us (me, my wife and our 3 boys of 4,9 and 10yrs) this particular ride was the cars with 4 to a ride. we had 3 sat in one car with the eldest of our boys in another. after queuing, our boys were told to get out the cars and go sit with total strangers as they could not sit two to a car, despite 4 other cars with 2 persons of which 1 was an adult... when challenged, the attendant got very mouthy with me, had the park not been full of children that would have ended differently for him, luckily other visitors spoke out to him too. the rides we did get on without TOO much hassle we waited around 90 minutes on average for   others longer. the shows they put on have a queuing system, but then they lead you into a large hall before seating you, at which point it becomes a stampeed of adults all forcing their way forward as though their lives depend on it. we were in the mickey mouse clubhouse show, we were sitting at the very back (there are no seats just the floor, you are told taking pictures is ok but the couple sitting next to us were told off like school children because they used a flash! they promptly left, as we were at the back my children couldnt see so stood up   nobody behind and we were TOLD to sit down   we left that day before lunch, we had had enough. never will we visit again. my kids hated itI have never written a review before so I don't really know where to start......... This was our annual holiday this year. We did come over three years ago in February and we had a nice time this week was a completely different story...We stayed at the Davy Crockett Ranch which was actually nice, very dark but clean and local to the park. I guess it went downhill from there.We have a disabled son so knew that we could get a pass in 'City Hall' which would enable us to access the rides easier. After a 35 minute queue a lady took our details and before handing over the pass decided to ask and tick off a range of boxes that applied to our sons needs; 'is he mentally deficient?' She asked. I'm sure there are more sensitive and more appropriate ways to address this. You would think the pass would make our life easier... We were wrong. After fighting the crowds to get to The pirate ride we were told that we needed to book a time slot   we did this for four hours later (the earliest slot they had) and fought our way back through the crowds to Thunder mountain for my eldest daughter   that wasn't working so then to Space Mountain   we collected the fast pass and went to the buzz lightyear ride   we waited 40 minutes at the disabled gate, a Disney Customer Service Rep walked by and asked us if she could help   I explained what we were waiting for and she replied with ' I'm not on this section so I can't help you!' I could go on about the fact that Space Mountain then broke down, the fact that a Disney Rep pushed our wheelchair out the way to make space for another family so we couldn't see the parade, the disgusting toilets, the rude staff and the fact that even when you ask people not to blow spoke in your sons face they then do it again on purpose, the way we were told to make our way to the disabled seats through a crowd of people sitting on the floor in Playhouse Disney without any help, the way we were told to hurry up off the slinky dog ride as we were holding up the queue (not easy with a 7 years old who can't walk), I could go on, but you get the picture.Having been to both Florida and California I find it hard to believe that they are in the same company as euro disney   it needs a whole new fresh management system and someone who is customer service orientated driving it forward.We won't be going back ever again.This is my kids (2 & 4) first time to Disneyland   I can remember visiting both parks in the States. My first impressions were it's quite small .. but not small enough to jam pack it full of $75 pp people !! Once you understand what is overwhelming about the park   5:1 ratio of Disney Shops to buy your memorabilia because you got cheesed off waiting in 45 60 minute queues for just a 1 minute ride.Obviously the people who run the park don't hire parents   as nobody was accommodating. Why do people work in Tourism if they hate Tourists. Now   the ultimate Plus .. Being Pregnant means you get to go to the front of the lines ... nobody told us this before hand .. We found out on the last day !Queuing for unclean toilets is a joke.It is August holidays after all, so we were expecting the worst, but were still surprised at how poor the whole experience was.    200 for 2 adults and 1 child for 1 day pass to 1 park.    50 for the return journey by train. We managed 8 rides in 12 hours. A total of approx 25? mins actually on rides. Should we have to pay more for fast passes who also had to queue? This wasn't on the adverts.. Ok, a couple of rides were good, but so short. Food, drink, treats   everything very overpriced for a captive audience. If you have young children of a certain age, they will like the scenery, but how can queuing for hours on every ride be enjoyable? Some restaurants closed at 6... Er, tea time? Fireworks at 11pm? Judging by how packed the train was with glum and tired faces, they couldn't wait that long either. We remarked that we saw many more tired and bored or frustrated looking faces than happy ones. Clearly all about the money, to the point that we felt mocked and rather stupid for going. Luckily several fantastic days in Paris meant this was the only bad day of our holiday. Take my advice and think of all the other wonderful things to do before you go and don't learn the hard way like we did.We visited DLP four years ago and it was a wonderful experience for us and our 2 sons. We decided to return as our smallest son is now 8 years old and he can finaly enjoy the  big atractions . But you should not repeat the nice experiences as you can experience big dispointements. What was wrong on 14 and 15th August in DLP? Everything...Practically all the important atractions were not functioning at some time. Some of them, like Thunder Mountain or Space Mission were functioning maximum 2 3 hours in total in the two days. We were also blocked inside in Buzz Lightyear for approx 20 30 minutes, all scores erased etc and also blocked in the Hounted House for 20 minutes. All the fun was gone. We waited in the studios for 90 minutes for the Sammy atraction and when we were ready to ride it was broken...for almost 40 minutes...You can imagine that people not being able to use one atraction were moving to others and the ques were growing and growing (practically it was impossible to ride anything, even minor atractions without waiting at least 60 minutes even at 10 pm! Aerosmith was broken in the morning at first hour on 16.08 and Indiana Jones roller coaster was also not functioning for some hours. We paid almost 550 Euro for 4 persons and we got only broken atractions and huge ques...Even if you get a fast passs (and you wait also for this....) in the end we were just throwing them away as the atraction was not functioning anymore when we returned to use our fast pass...So sad that DLP became a ruin...We share the views of many people writing here. Disneyland Paris was an absolute shambles when we visited on 20th August. Rides continuously closed. We had five rides close while we were in the queue and with too excited young children it was very upsetting. Two of them (pirates of the caribbean and thunder mountain) we had already waited for over an hour. We were at the park for over 12 hours and went on a total of 5 rides having spent the whole day in lines. The only time we were not in a queue for a ride, we were in a queue for (overpriced, poor quality) food. Disney dreams shattered for all...What a nightmare. There are no words to explain the chaos that is Disneyland. Waiting in line for 1 2 hours with kids?! Seriously that's just so wrong. This is all about the money   don't buy into all the fancy commercials, it's a lie. Also Disneyland should make a better effort in guiding when it comes to their attractions and what's age appropiate and NOT!There are so many beautiful places to see in this world   Disneyland is not one of those places.My family visited Disneyland Paris last week. Because we are all Disney fans, I am trying to find something good to say about it. Ummm...Tower of Terror is great!That's about it!First the service. One member of our party is over 60, after we paid admission we found out that he was entitled to a 35% senior discount. We tried to get our refund no joy. They told us we should have told them his age when we bought the ticket, but there is NO WHERE around the ticket area that announces the discount.Second the prices. A 2 park one day pass is 79 euros (about 90 U.S) which is more than a park hopper at WDW with 4 parks included and a lot more attractions in the U.S., Paris is missing some of the best rides. We knew that going in and decided to go anyway. We made the mistake of not bringing water an lunch to the park. The prices at any theme park are outrageous, but Disney Paris is looking to break records! A 2 ounce bag of chips was 4 euros! A bottle of water was 8. Absolutely horrible. We cancelled our dinner reservations in the park because of the prices and went back to Paris to eat, missing the nighttime show simply because inner was more ridiculously price than any 5 star restaurant in Paris!The crowds were awful. Disney in the states will shut the gates if it gets that full. No less than a 90 minute line anywhere. No crowd control at all! Pickpockets were in force as well, there is no security and we saw several people upset because they had been victimized.Anyone who is used to Disney in the U.S., needs to eware rides are NOT the same! Indiana Jones and Space Mountain have loops that go upside down. I am not a person who can handle upside down, and I expected the same rides. I was not prepared for the loops and became ill on IndianaJones. I asked first before Space Mountain and abstained. What a disappointment! There should be enough information in the guide to forewarn guests. I would never go back to Disney Paris!!I recommend not to go even for the sake of children.You have to wait for hours just for a joy of 2 5 minutes. Everything they sell is very expensive and overvalued. The whole scenic shows its age, nothing new. Anyone said that is a must visit lies.Asterix parc is much better.Do not go to Disneyland Paris. We (a family of 8) had the misfortune to go on 20th August 2013. The place was packed with visitors and starved of staff. The queues were typically well over one hour for (mainly mediocre) rides lasting little more than a minute. The staff who were in evidence were often incompetent, meaning that changeovers for rides were far longer than they would have been in a competently run bank holiday funfair in England. There were so few Disney characters that the few who did appear were mobbed, prompting their minders to threaten to 'take them away'. It seems to be part of the business plan that with so little to do other than queue, visitors are forced to enter one of the shops which dominate the entire park. If you or your family love theme parks, there are many which are vastly better and cheaper in the UK. if you or your family love Disney characters, they will experience disappointingly few of them here: there were barely any walking around in the long hours that we were there. If you want to buy Disney products, do it somewhere where they are less ludicrously priced.Overall, this felt like a thoroughly cynical operation. It is by far the worst value attraction we have ever visited.Obscenely expensive   for food and drink. Long queues for rides (two of the key rides broke down and we were turned away after we had already queued for about an hour). Save your money and take your kids to the local rec.My 10 year old daughter and I have been so looking forward to visit Euro Disney. What a BIG disappointment. It is a tacky excuse for a giant shop for Disney toys. My 10 year old chose to watch TV in the hotel room instead. We regretted leaving beautiful Paris for this boring place. Hugely expensive to stand in long queues for non event rides. Cheap and nasty decor, nothing magical anywhere. Even the staff  character  uniforms are badly made. What a waste of time and money. Disney should be embarrassed to have their name attached to this tacky place. If you want to enchant your child, there is a beautiful amusement park in the summer in Paris, much better.Enjoy rides breaking down, under staffing, rude guests, litter, being herded like cattle and a good lungful of second hand smoke? Well you've come to the right place!First of all, I am not going to make comparisons with the excellent Disneyland in California or Disneyworld resort in Florida   but it is clear that DLP would benefit from some Disney Corporation intervention.1. The main entrance. Accepting that August is the busiest time to go, there can be no excuse for the lack of control in place at the entry point where bags are checked. Even with the presence of horseback police, this was chaotic and highly dangerous   even at 11am on a weekday. We were nearly crushed and suffocated for over 30 minutes as people pushed from all sides, as staff screamed loudly in an effort to gain some control. Truly appalling to be herded in this way and an area for immediate attention before someone is seriously injured.2. The attractions. Where is the investment? Nothing has changed here in years. The park is screaming out for a new attraction or 3, and is yet to receive updates to existing attractions which have been applied at all other parks globally, e.g. Star Tours.3. The queues. Again accepting that we chose to go at the busiest time, the manner of the queues, not just the length was hard to tolerate at times. Pushing in, jumping over barriers, pretending to know someone near the front of the line   all the tactics were deployed to great annoyance of decent and patient guests. 4. Ride reliability. On a single day we witnessed Big Thunder Mountain break down, Pinocchio (twice) and Peter Pan   all after extensive queueing. Additionally the Rock and Rollercoaster Avec Aerosmith, stopped for 5 minutes in the dark, in the final tunnel before we could get off. When you are clamped in tight, this can be quite scary when there is no explanation or reassurances offered.5. Staffing. The place seemed genuinely understaffed with many cast members looking inexperienced (especially when rides broke down). Furthermore, we did not spot a single Disney character during the 4 days in the parks, except during parade time. Was this Disneyland?6. The clientele. Whilst smoking is on the decrease in other civilised parts of the world, you cannot escape it throughout DLP. If anything it has got worse. Sure, the Fume Interdiction signs are now displayed   but what's the point when they are not enforced. There is also a noticeable change   shift in the clientele (behaviourally and visually) which could be a contributory factor to the park's decline.My advice to the park   sit up and take notice before it is too late.Would we return? Probably not for a few years and certainly not in August.Be prepared to wait up to 60 120 min for a ride, that lasts only 60seconds. your feet will ache and your children will drive you crazy when your in the queue. I thought I was the only parent trying to keep a straight face for the kids, but when I looked at the others all of them were biting their lips or holding their heads in their hands! My children started to get sore noses and throats at the amount of smokers around them. There was a place in Disneyland where someone was puffing their toxic fumes at children. Think twice before you go, I wish I did.I agree with Kurple below. You have to go to see it for yourself, definitely not   the happiest place in the world  but certainly the most disappointing. Andby the way, if they say the park shuts at 23pm, well a part of it shuts earlier if there are fireworks that night is what they dont tell you. not that youll want to be there long enough. The food is bad quality, overpriced and you will be queuing for half an hour in the least. I could keep going but id rather just forget..so expensive to go in too! Definitely not worth it.The ironic thing is that there is very little for children to do whilst waiting for your turn on the rides   very difficult trying to keep children entertained whilst they are stuck in a queue for over an hour, shuffling forward at a couple of steps per minute.The like of the kiddies rides, Dumbo and such, a whopping 90 seconds or so long, all have around 60 to 90 minutes waiting time.Absolute killer prices for bottled water, juice, tea and the likes   which you'll need plenty of in the height of Summer   3 Euros a pop!The crowd control measures are completely disheartening, the presence of French military around the RER (Railway station at the park gates) armed with fully automatic weapons, bag searches and x rays for everybody (including bum bags) does become the norm, which is very unfortunate too. If you can afford the  fast pass  this will reduce you waiting time by around 90%, but, and a very big but, you can only use the fast pass one ride at a time   you are allotted a return time which is great but it may be 2 or three hours away   you can't use the fast pass again until you have been on that ride.If you're hoping your kids will see the best Disney characters from the last five or six years   forget it. No Iron Man, no Minions.Blackpool or Alton bloody Towers next timeOh boy where do I begin!! This park should in no way associate itself with the Disney name. I get the long queues and the throngs of people   what I don't get Is the lack of signage or disney guides; the restaurants closing at 5pm   And I distinctly remember the restaurant manager saying 'we are one of the lucky few that get to close early daily.' They should have a limit on daily visitors because queues were ridiculous and wait times were but a lie. Rides saying 20 min wait were really a 40 min wait. My 2 little girls couldnt even visit the princess pavilion because there were 3 separate queues to get tickets   what???? 1) You shouldn't have to spend on tickets to meet disney characters after paying hefty sums at the entrance and 2) everyone should have access to them abd not have to queue for 3 4 hours to get 'tickets' to see them. I even overheard people with tickets being told they had to further wait and to come back after 30 40 mins, by rude obnoxious staff! Everything was overpriced   kids toys, costumes and even the food   and they all were of the worst quality. This place needs to be inspected by proper disney authorities and shut down, it is not living up to the Disney name. I can't believe the people giving this place good reviews, you are all bring duped!!!I'm not sure where to start to say how dissappointed we were with this visit. The park is dirty, the toilets are dirty, there is smoking everywhere   the non smoking policy isn't enforced, there is queue jumping, weeds growing on the rides, the food is poor quality and the cost is excessive. My advice would be save your money and go to Florida, at least they know how to run a park and make it an unforgettable experience.Ok, so we decided rather last minute to pop in here as part of our holiday, we bought a 2 day 2 park ticke for 2 adults and 2 children on the door at just over Euro 500. Plus we paid Euro 15 per day for parking. Fine, we've been to disney in Florida and we don't mind paying for something good. Judging by the car park the park was only half full, but it seemed rammed, went on a ride with a 35 minute queue time and queued for an hour, it then became aparent that the queue times at the front of the rides are a load of rubbish. Plus you have to have your wits about you in the queue as the families behind constantly try to slink past you, probably because you are having a caughing fit because the people in front are smoking, even though it's not allowed. We dreaded having to use the toilets, didn't see a cleaner once and at least 50% were unusable due to being flooded or just filthy. Graffiti all over them and dirty toilet paper on the floor. Disgusting. The cost for coffee and sort drinks was between 3 and 4 euros. I know these parks have to make some money, but really, the cost v the quality was a rip off. Went into Planet Hollywood to eat, it cost us over   100 for 2 children and 2 adults and we didn't bother to stay for dessert as the service was so slow. Never Ever Again   I shall be writing a letter of complaint to Disney.To say I am disappointed is an under statement. I have wasted lots of cash in my life, but I felt Disney France was a rip off of gigantic proportions. To pay huge sums of money for tickets for kids and not be able to use them in any of the rides is NOT fair. To stand in queue for over an hour, then to get into one of the rides for just over a minute is not right. They MUST find a solution as I had a couple of very disappointed kids.To hardly have any signage in the park is not right, to have a website and an app designed by immatures is a crime. To go to a restaurant at 4.55 pm and to be told cant serve you as we close at five is strange. To go to another restaurant and stand in a queue for 30 minutes to place an order and pay is stupid, especially when there are many staff there doing nothing and when asked to have another cashier, I was given the shrugged shoulder.This place needs major overhaul and re organization, to make me stand in three queues just to get access to the princess pavilion irritated me and made me promise myself that I would be Disneylands Europe worst ambassador and make sure I tell everyone I know (and those I don't ) that the place does not deserve to have the Disney name associated with it. I will never visit this place again, unless I know there has been major changes.We have visited Disneyland on many occasions and have always had a thoroughly good time. But what always annoys me is the outrageous prices for the basics, eg soft drinks, ice lolly etc when really hot. A soft drink averages at approx   3.00 for a coke or bottled water, ice cream, cheapest we found was   3.50 for a twister. I appreciate the running costs of such an empire, but dont hold the visitors to ransom once in the park. These items cost a lot less than   1.00 outside of the park so why more than triple the price.If you want to save a little, purchase soft drinks in the small shop in the railway station just outside of the park, if you dont mind carrying them around with you. Keep the empty bottles and fill them with water at the fountains scattered around the parks.Food prices, well, again outrageous. For the more basic option, eg the greasy spoon, sausage sandwich, frys and a soft drink expect to pay approx   35  40 for 3 people, the meal equates to nothing more than you could purchase for less than a tenner at a local cafe in the UK.When compared to Disney land orlando this is old and dirty and expensive. its showing its age and no new investment for years. I rate Orlando Disney world at 8 out of ten, This I would rate a disappointing five out of ten, Its ok for one visit but you would not go back and once you have been to Orlando you just cant compare the parks. Orlando is twice as good. Really dissapointing issue withe cleanliness of the parks. Over rated,queues were horrendous,not helped by very slow staff!used queue jumper at 10.30 and got a 3.40 time for rocky railroad!Queues not helped by too many adults going on kids rides!food and drink overpriced considering how much the entrance fee is.Save your money and go to asterix world! Definitely not be back to this small theme park with more shops and restaurants than attractions!!!!This was our 3rd visit to the park as our son is now 3 and would have enjoyed the magic of Disney, especially in its 20th year anniversary. We paid around   700 for a 4 day pass for 5 of us and were desperately disappointed that despite visiting some of these rides 3 times, they remained out of service.It was a very enoyable experience for our 3 year old but our teen daughters were left with no choice but to stand in the overextended queues for second rate rides as the primary attractions were not running.We felt cheated and when we broached the subject with the park management office we were dismissed out of hand and quite rudely to boot.Wont be coming back in a hurry as attitudes were poor.....Florida holds far more appeal and much better value for money.We visited this venue for second time after a ten year gap, with Florida Disney parks visited twice during the ten year gap. The ten years showed, the staff are not as helpful as Florida or indeed as they were, there were one or two who really had the nice day disney attitude. Five of the big rides were out of service for unspecified technical faults with people being allowed to cue for long periods before being told. The cues for rides we experienced were never in line with the indicated times, the worst said 30 minutes and actually took 1hour and 10 minutes. Dismal disney performance we won't be going back, Florida next time.Disney have taken their eye off the ball, this place isn't a patch on Disney parks in Florida.Our visit to Disneyland Paris was so disappointing, I don't even know where to beginThe staff are rude, unhelpful, arrogant and have completely forgotten that they work in a Disney park, they are uninterested in their customers.The rides, most of the major rides were 'having technical problems', and as a result the rides that were working had excessive queues.There was blatant Queue jumping at every ride, the staff we completely uninterested and did nothing about it.Characters, where were the characters? We saw a total of 3 characters all day. When we went to Disney world in Florida   there was a genuine magical feeling   unfortunatelyDisneyland Paris has nothing magical about it and feels like any other theme park. The prices, how can a small bottle of water cost in excess of    3, total ripe off, my advice would be to avoid Disneyland Paris, For my daughter, disney is a must when we make our annual trip to Paris, for me it  s the last visit, to say the place has deteriorated is remaining polite, we managed to get on 10 rides in 9 hours, their is absolutely no value in the place,discount tickets are available on nearly every corner enticing the masses, the side shows are ok but once you have seen them there is nothing new! for me, it  s amazing to see parents dragging   very   young siblings through the crowds, the average ride is about 3 mins which is very short by any attraction standards, water is for sale on every corner at    3 per shot and with that you can see the story........offer little and grab as much money as you can, Disney is simply a cash machine!!I have just returned from a two day visit to disneyland paris and all I can say is what a disappointment. Firstly, you could be in any theme park in Europe and it is only occasionally that you are reminded that this is Disneyland Pairs. There were no characters walking around the park and it does not have that magical Disney feel. The staff were unhelpful, unfriendly and uninterested. There was no interaction with the children and it seems they were just there for the money. They were quiet often rude or would just choose to ignore you.We were also disappointed with the number of rides shows that were either not working or cancelled. To name a few, indian jones ride closed, Pirates of the caribbean ride closed, thunder mountain closed, Rock'n'roller Coaster closed, car parade was cancelled as was the stun show.Also, to buy anything in the park was expensive, a bottle of water was 3.09 euro so i would advise taking your own food and water. I will not be visiting Disneyland Paris again and will advise family and friend to avoid or go to florida!Going at peak season is probably just asking for trouble. And that's what we did. Hauling four kids around Disneyland in peak season is worse than Survivor. Manners in this part of the world are in very short supply, there are tonnes of people, and you can expect to be frequently jostled, pushed and have your three year old ripped from your arm by some impatient European teenager wanting to get one metre ahead of you on the escalator.The queues were unbelievable    50 90 minutes, for rides that last only minutes.We watched a couple of movies    Captain Eo and the Armaggedon one    but be warned you have to sit through a 10 minute video which is basically a long advertisement (in the case of Captain Eo it was for Kodak). Really? haven't we paid enough to get in    do we need to be forced to watch advertising? I turned around during these to see if anyone was watching and absolutely no one was! But you have to stand during these ads, and it is mega infuriating.The icing on the cake was at the Videopolis arcade games    my children had been queuing at the air hockey table for a game and when it was finally their turn, two adults leapt from their game and quickly seized the air hockey game so that my children couldn't have a turn. When my husband pointed out that our kids had been waiting, the woman haughtily replied that they were only playing that game while waiting for the air hockey to finish. They then proceeded to have game after game (continually inserting coins so that the kids couldn't have a go) and when i politely asked them how much longer they were going to be the woman simply shrugged and said 'i don't know, i don't know). No staff to help in any of these areas    the one from the eatery told me to go find a shop to get this woman off and allow my kids to have a game. A shop? which one? He just shrugged and i gave up. Charming. Bathroom facilities are very dirty but the baby rooms seem to be ok (there aren't many). But be warned, you aren't allowed to take a pram into the baby changing facilities (!!) so if you are going in by yourself with more than one small child, be prepared. Actually just don't. Go with two people because no matter how much pleading you undertake, you won't be allowed to take that pram in. Cos the staff are young students, with no influence and no ability to be flexible when conditions call for it. They are only there for a few months at a time, and they just do what they are told.The staff are taught to have what staffer described to me as 'American manners'. That is, no matter how rude people are to you, you just smile and say 'have a nice day'. And people are rude to them, unbelievably so. I've never heard people be as rude and demanding as i did at Disneyland. All around horrible. The attractions on the Gold Coast in Australia are much better, and the atmosphere is a lot less combative.Disneyland Paris looks like a Disneypark   but make no mistake, it itsn't. For a start, most of the rides on our visit was closed   or closed down while we were waiting (for over an hour on several rides). The park looks tired, in dire need of fresh paint and TLC. The staff is not what you'd expect from an expensive, Disney branded park. Most of them lacking language skills or just being rude. In the best case, totally uninterested in your presence. We stayed at the New York hotel, and found the room to be small, with cigarette marks on the furniture, staind carpet and dirty wall paper. Check in staff didn't speak English.. and WiFi is extra. Not what I expect from a 'deluxe hotel'.Avoid the restaurant Parkside. The staff was so uninterested in our business that we (2 adults, 2 children) left without ordering (which nobody noticed)If you can afford it, go to Florida or California. And if you are Disney: Change the management or close the park. I'm sorry to sound so negative, but the highlight of our 2 day visit was McDonalds and the nearby village.I visited disney on 24 July 2012 as a birthday treat for my 3 year old.The day started ok, and after a lengthy queue she was able to have some 1:1 time with Mickey, following which she was really keen to see some more of her Disney 'friends'. She was placated by the discussion that she would see them all at the parade later. The day progressed relatively successfully, if in a somewhat wallet draining manner (   10 for 3 bottles of drink, the same for 3 ice creams, and    33 for lunch for 3... On a hot day, that's    70 in food and drinks alone)At 630, we went to find a space for the parade which was to start at 7... So my daughter would have a good view of the parade... We barely managed to get a space as it was already heavy populated even at that time..Nearing 7, it was heavily overcast, but we all waited on for the parade... It did not, at any point rain...At 7pm exactly, when the parade was due to start, and expectation was built in the crowd, an announcement was made that said the parade was cancelled due to inclement weather.. I thought it was a joke t first, until the crowd started jeering and then started getting up and walking off...Surely enough.. It was all cancelled.. The staff started collecting the barriers etc and that was that.. At no point did it rain, and by 720 the cloud had largely broken up and I have a photo of the blue sky that was showing by this point.This was massively upsetting for my daughter and was to my mind an appalling piece of event management and a massive misjudgement given that it didn't rain and was blown over 15 minutes later! Somebody should be fired as a result of it and I'm sure my complaint will be lost in a sea of others as MANY people were equally disappointed by this ridiculous management call, which is made much worse by the fact that they did not notify the gathered crowd, many whom had been waiting 30 60 minutes, until the event was actually due to start... The weather was no better worse at 7pm than it was at 645, and the fact that they had waited until 7 to cancel it added insult to injury. If this is an typical example of Disney parks, it may well be the last one I ever take my family too!This was our second visit to world of Disney. Previous time we went with our 3 kids, they had wonderful time. This time around I have to say   it was complete disaster. Huge lines, bad organization, waiting 45 minutes in line for lousy lunch, characters hiding away, 1 2 hour waiting time for any atraction, 45 minutes transfer from parking, 2 hour wait to get on the train.. Will not go there again, the magic is gone completely. Just to give perspective: we wanted to go for 3 days, ended up leaving after 6 hours completely exhausted and without any fun   our children voted   no more ever. There are much nicer places around Paris.The park was extremely over crowded. The queues for the rides were running at 50 minutes!!! Do not go in June or July. On one of our days, we only managed to do four rides (and that was with the fast pass!) On the first day, four of the major rides were out of commission. On the next three days two of the major rids were out of commission. The fast pass was of little use as this could only be issued for two hours form the time you requested it, and you could only have one at a time. All fast passes had run out by two o'clock. The park was actually looking in bad repair all round and quite a few of the features were not functioning. The ghost images in the mirrors of the haunted house were not working (perhaps these have still not been repaired). The geyser water feature in the Wild West was not working (I am sure this has not been repaired). The show in the saloon of the Wild West was not on. Is this how Euro Disney always functions? It was impossible to get an invitation to meet and greet the princesses, as the queue was an hour long, and they only gave out a limited amount of tickets per day. The queues to meet the other Disney characters were at least half an hour long. The merchandise was overpriced (70 Euros for a princess dress!) The rides are dated and cheesy. I really was expecting a lot more. The fireworks display was wonderful and the Princess lunch was awesome, but expensive, and Mickey Cafe was also great, but expensive. Overall though, we really did not enjoy our experience at Euro Disney. I would rather go to Lego Land!Just returned from a few days away at DLP with my Mum, disabled Sister and my Brother. On the second my Disabled sisters wheelchair broke on the front wheel because of the pot holes around the park, We complained to the guest services who were very unhelpful, due to my sisters wheelchair been specially designed to meet her needs, the Disney rental wheelchairs were not suitable to meet her needs. They offered no assistance to help us resolve the unfortunate situation. We spent the next day travelling around Paris and the hospital, it seemed the attitude towards disability is very poor even the hospital would not even give us advice unless we paid. We were left very deflated and it ruined the whole holiday. On our final day we decided to use the Disney wheelchair but as it was not suitable we only managed half a day. Ill be writing an email to the complaint department. Overall very disappointed with the customer service we received in the parks and in Paris it ruined the whole holiday.With much expectation I took my 9 year old grandson to Disneyland Paris, and he was so excited. Half way through the day his comment  they say this is the best place in the world but I think it's the worst . Why? Hours of queing to get on any ride that is worth goiung on, in total we spent about 7 hours in queues for about 40 minutes of rides. This is grteatly due to their fast pass system. Those of us who pay to go to the park and cannot lash out again on a fast pass (just a way of Disney making more money out of you) end up just waiting even longer in the queues because of those with the fast pass. mkae you feal like real secondclass citizens. On top of that absolutely everything in the park ios over priced, 19.00 Euro for a liitle photo and so on. I have to say this is bad experience and one I will never repeat, further more I woulod discourage anybody from taking children there above 8 years who will want to go on the big rides. Sadly I have absolutely nothing good to say about the placeS. TaylorAs part of the 5 days we had in Paris we had planned to take our 9 year old to Disneyland. We brought tickets in advance. We got there and found 2 of the big rides Indiana Jones and Pirates of the Caribbean were not going. As a result the queues for the other main attractions were big. Have been to other theme parks inUS and Aussie and found this very average especially at the price. Food available was also poor. We left after 3 hours thoroughly disappointed.I would like to let anyone know if they are thinking of booking a holiday to Disney Paris, DONT DO IT!!! I have been to Florida Disney many times and loved it as have my family, I am 31 and still love the 'magic' atmosphere and sparkle you get in the parks in Florida. Disney Paris is so far removed from this and I couldn't wait to get home, the day dragged and the experience was terrible, rides lacked the fun in Florida. Everything so expensive and not worth the money!!! Disney should remove their name from this place and just charge them for using the names of their rides, this place ruined the trust and good name of Disney, it was tatty and dirty and not very well put together. The Disney hotel we stayed in was Newport Bay Club and it also ruined the Disney name, employees couldn't be bothered and the halls stank of dirt and BO. Just save up for that bit longer and go to Florida, it is in another league altogether, cant wait to go back to Disney Florida next year, and that is the only thing that got me through the nightmare that was Paris, knowing I was going to Florida next year. I had my 14 year old daughter and 15 year old niece with me and they hated it also.We were so excited to visit Disneyland but it was such a let down. Entering the park was a smooth process but once in the park, this was a nightmare. It was way too crowded and there were people everywhere. 4 of the main rides were closed for maintenance or had technical issues which meant the rides that were open had 1.5 2 hour waits. They let way too many people in especially on a day that not all rides were open. Even the line for food was 1 hour. It was a waste of money and I wouldn't go back.Where to start??? Firstly as we had an online voucher from Viator (Very well known online tour operator) we were sent to que for thirty minutes to collect tickets from a ticket booth, when we got to the front of the que the very rude operator took our passport details and voucher looked at them for five minutes then told us to go to another que. we then qued for one hour and forty minutes to be told that they couldnt give us our tickets as thier system did not recognise our vouchers. After a good rant and rave we finally got our tickets and entered the park.At first sight the main street of the park is really pretty and it was here we spotted Mary Poppins so we went to have our photograph taken with her, only for her to flinch and move away from us as assume we stood too close to her.We went for some dinner in a cafe on the main street to be charged over 50 Euros for two slices of pizza a cheese toasty, three drinks and a slice of cake. EXTORTION!!With regards to the rides that are open at Disney Paris they are not a patch on Florida and they are very dated. The whole place looks like it needs a revamp and a lick of paint. We even fell asleep in Micheal Jackson's Captain EO ride it was that bad!All in all I would NEVER GO BACK to Disney Land Paris and it astonished me that peoiple can spend a week's holiday there within the disney resort. The staff are incredibly rude, the place needs a giant revamp, they need to have more access to the characters that are meant to walk about, they need to invest money into the park rather than draining the life out of it. Lastly as I said this park is not a patch on Florida, it is very small and outdated and I am in shock that it is owned by Disney let alone being allowed to be run the way it is.Don't waste your time with Euro Disney, it does not compare to the Disney parks in Florida and California.  The staff were unfriendly, rude and not at all interested in customers!  If you do not speak French, you are ignored!Please tell me this place isn't owned and operated by the walt disney company!! After having been a disney world annual passholder for numerous years, we decided to try out a foreign disney property on our recent trip to Europe. We were so disappointed. Major rides were down for maintenance, in what I am assuming, being summer, is prime time. Other rides were regularly  temporarily paused . We would be in a long queue, only to have the ride break down, forcing us to leave . Numerous restaurants were not open, whilst there were lines into the streets for the ones that were. Not nearly enough washrooms, most always a queue, and not looked after. For an amusement park, it would be ok...but to have the Disney name attached to it....not so much. Definitely the low point of our vacation.If you love Disneyland? Skip Disneyland Paris, because you will be disappointed! First there are very few rides, half of the restaurants were closed, you have to wait in line to make a reservation to meet a princess, then come back and wait for your reservation! They let people smoke in the park, people cut in line and the people who work there don't care! The service sucks, the employees are rude, and act like they hate their jobs! The park is dirty, the restrooms are small, AND dirty, there are very few garbage cans, and no benches to sit on, rides were closed or broke down often, and you can't get any information from anyone, because they just don't care. It was the worst Disney experience I have ever had!Dirty, peeling paint, people smoking everywhere, expensive and long queues of people. I have visited every Disney park in the world and Disneyland Paris is significantly below the standards that Disney has established at all the other parks. Normally when I leave a Disney park I feel I have paid a lot of money but the value of enjoyment I have received exceeded the amount I paid. That is definitely NOT the situation with Disneyland Paris...high prices and low value.The staff are not friendly nor helpful. We had an issue with transportation arranged through Disney. They did not send the transportation vouchers to me. Although I had a paid receipt, they could not print the vouchers and told me I would need to call the central reservations line (apparently customer service does not include the concierge making the call). Of course this happened on a Sunday and the central reservations office was closed.Regarding the smoking, there are designated smoking areas indicated on the map. The guests just choose to ignore them and the staff do not inforce it.Possibly Disneyland is the only alternative in Europe. But if possible, I would suggest finding something cheaper and where the staff is trained in customer service. Otherwise, you should pay to go to Orlando and have an enjoyable holiday.Really disappointed with our 5 day trip to Disney Paris.  Hotel Santa fe really poor. Staff not motivated and certainly no Disney magic.  Having been several times to Florida and LA parks this was a real disappointment.  Fell sorry for the grandchildren.We travelled by Eurotunnel....brilliant there in 20 minutes, can't fault it! Only good part of the whole experience!!We booked 4 nights at Sequoia Lodge and came home after 3, we had had enough. The hotel itself was OK, a bit tired in need of refurbishment. Two double beds, unable to get a family room or a room with 1 double and 2 singles. Very basic, no coffee tea making facilities. Just two beds, TV, wardrobe and bathroom, very smelly hallways.We booked bed and breakfast, we arrived early for check in 11.45am on day 1, by which time all the breakfast passes for the hotel other than 7.15 had gone so we were forced to trek to Disneyland Park for breakfast at 9.15. First day was at Plaza Gardens, great no probs shown to a table, continental brekky, no long queues, day 2 at Au Chalet de la Marionette, not seated, queue for brekky, then queued for 25 mins for a table then 20 mins for a coffee absolute nightmare. Not ideal that you can't get breakfast in the hotel that you have paid for!The fast pass in DP Parks works on a one at a time basis, e.g. if you get a fast pass for Peter Pans flight with a time of 16.30 and it's only 10.00am you cannot get another fast pass until that one has been used so choose carefully. The queues were on average about 45 minutes for most rides.The Characters are a complete let down, they were down right rude! We had 2 children both with an autograph book both desperate for autographs and photos, they got 1 autograph between them and not a single photo. The character Suzy pushed them out of the way and Wendy from Peter Pan was asked by another parent where the queue started as she was having the same problems with trying to get photos and autographs and was told 'there is no queue, we choose who we want to be photographed with and who's book we want to sign'. Complete and utter waste of time even trying to get an autograph.Food and drinks in the park mega expensive, toffee apple 3.50, candyfloss 4.00, coffee 4.00, burger   hot dog, fries and drink 14.00. Eat at the Disney Village, their is a McDonalds offering the same but go large for 6.90. Also Ludwigs Castle is a bar in the Village and they do a happy hour from 17.00 to 19.30 half price everything. Drinks in hotel Bar 7.00 for a beer, 4.00 for a coke.Overall they have managed to turn Disney magic into just a theme park in France. This wasn't our first trip but will definitely be our last.Advice...save and go to Orlando Florida, it is the complete opposite to Paris where you do feel the magic!I was in Paris with my husband and 3 sons just over a few days ago. It's our 3rd time at Paris Disneyland in about 8 years. Everytime one walks through the entrance gate, there is always still excitement and anticipation that he or she is going to have a magical time there. Sad to say, this time round, this didnt quite happen to me: (! While queueing up to enter, we were already confronted with several families with young children. The parents were all puffing away on their cigarettes and blowing smoke into their kids' faces. Needless to say, we were not spared from all that secondary ciggie smoke.Unfortunately for us, the day turned out to be quite a cold one with rain the the forecast. Hence, many families sought shelter in covered areas close to the eating areas as well as near the toilets. When they started smoking there as well, those supposed rest areas became filled with cigarette smoke which meant that we could hardly a respite from the rain nor cigarette smoke! Hence, for non smoker parents who are keen to bring their young children to Paris Disneyland, they really do need to prepare themselves for the shocking amount of smoking and smokers there.Just come back from a trip to euro disney. What a waste of time and money. having visited Florida park, alwasy great but this should not be called disney.The park looked tatty from entrance to all areas. Many of the rides were closed, most restaurants were closed, the haunted house, peter pan's flight and pirate ship also closed at times during the day as they had broken down. Food over priced and poor to be honest. better spend your money and save for the proper disney park unless you strike it luckly on the day.This review is about Disneyland Park Paris, not Disneyland Studio Paris which is marginally better.We were very disappointed with our visit. The park had our expectations high yet we have had much better experiences at theme parks that cost 1 6th as much as this did, literally. The entrance alone was 400 Euros. The food is overpriced so much that it is outrageous.The park is outdated, dirty, and old. As one other post wrote, it is past its use by date. The motor car ride had mechanics on duty repairing card constantly, on the fly, and there were traffic jams caused by several broken down cars. For goodness sakes buy new motors after 20 years and fix it. The Buzz Lightyear ride broke down 4 times while we were on it! 4 times, I kid you not! The only new stands are the 4001 souvenir shops that are everywhere. The rides are few and far between. None of them are of the quality we expect after visiting parks such as Legoland (Germany), Warner Bros World (Aust), Wet   N   Wild, Seaworld or even Luna Park in Sydney which must be older than Disneyland. The wait is intolerable, not just for rides but also food and tickets. The staff are on the whole where rude and only there for their own social life with other staff. The exception were the grounds staff who diligently picked up the litter dropped by thoughtless people. Many of the rides were broken. We were there for a full day. We rode for about 10 minutes. We queued for about 6 hours. The toilets were disgusting; old and dirty.Although there is a policy in small writing not to smoke in the main areas this is not followed through and the cigarette smoke is outrageous, especially that the main customers there are very young children.This park should be boycotted by the general public. It is a disgrace and outrageously overpriced.Save your money and go to Surfers Paradise in Queensland.Have just returned from a weekend of hell in Disneyland Paris! Being a BIG Disney fan I'm horrified to say it was the worst holiday we have had. On arrival   We had pre booked tickets and still had to queue for hours with the people who were buying their tickets! What's the point of pre booking? We were then disgusted to be greeted by a rude cashier!Once in the park   Rides and shops shut. Many without explanation, even when you ask staff! we just got told it was closed, you can kind of see that as there is a rope across it! The staff member was rude and clearly did not was to be there. By the end of the weekend I was fed up with the amount of closed signs. Its peak season why so much closed? The rides which were open half the carriages were broke! which was causing long queues. The fast passes were ridiculous either sold out or too late in the day. So we didn't get much done at all, complete waste of money. We was not going to queue for hours for a 2 minute ride! Actually witnessed a staff member being very rude to a women when she asked him about a time on fast pass. The food and drink were over priced and not exactly worth it. 20th Anniversary? well this was a complete disappointment. Castle was closed off during the day to prepare for the show at 11pm (lots of disappointed people in few minutes we were there) only 1 parade which was not until 7pm. Disney Dreams was a complete mess. People pushing each other out of the way I was pushed and shouted at by one women for walking out of the crowd as was so fed up with seeing nothing!! Overall a complete disappointment & won't be revisiting!We are an American family living in Europe. We drove into Paris for 9 days and one day decided to do Disneyland for the kids. We decided to go on a Tuesday in Late October thinking that there would be less crowds. WRONG! Disneyland and Disney Studios is much smaller than other Disney parks. However, the lack of order and management are the real concern, but perhaps this is just a French thing? The French patrons of the park DO NOT like to wait in lines for things so people jumping the line and cutting in front of others is rampant. The park management does nothing about this, so it makes the experience unpleasant for those of us trying to follow the rules.Fast Pass. We thought that at least we could use the fast pass system to ride some things. NOPE. The park opened at 0800 and we got through the gates at 0830. At 0830 ALL FAST PASSES WERE SOLD OUT. Isn't that impossible? Can't you only hold one fast pass at a time? I guess not. I think that you can go around to all the fast pass machines and collect as many as you want right at the beginning. All the fast pass machines were being covered up and roped off when we went looking for them at 0830 0900. Ridiculous!Don't visit this park, it's just not worth it.We couldn't believe that what was ahead of us after the hassle of arranging flights, hotel stay and buy expensive entrance tickets, was two days of queuing!Every  net  minute of  attraction  (in total 6 minutes in 2 days!) cost 500 Euro and 60 minutes of queuingWhen bored of queuing we decided to eat we found out that the  queuing attraction  had been carefully planned, by very attenting Eurodisney management, also in this area.Of course we hoped that the bad weather would have reserved us a better outcome the following day at the Studios. Unfortunately we were wrong. Congratulation to the management for managing so well the consistency. We know know what to expect.We do not want a refund as it would be too costly to pay for the frustration we had to go through, What We hope is to help people not to make the decision to go through the same awful experienceIs this really Disney ? The parks look very run down and Poorly run. Nasty rude staff ( on the whole ) unwilling to help, poorly managed queue lines, poorly run attractions, many breakdowns while here, at one point I was evacuated from phantom manor without any explanation or apology. I was made to move on another ride to make way for a family of four again no explanation just told to change WHY ? There is absolutely none of the Disney magic that I love. In my opinion it is a very poor relative of the USA parks. I strongly suggest that people save their money and visit the usJust returned from Disneyland Paris. Absolutely awful, so expensive, queues 2 3 hours for rides. Stayed at Hotel Cheyenne, we were burgled, so was our daughters room and also our sons room. Shocking, Disney not interested at all (they know they have a big problem but pretend they don't). After paying   2500 for 4 nights( basic rooms), would have expected some comfort, but nothing at all. Breakfast was a free for all. Save your money and don't waste it by going there. Feel more stressed out than before we went!If you find anything favourable to say about this 10th circle of hell (there are only nine in La Divina Commedia, but this surely deserves its own) you are either a shill or a lobotomy patient. An utterly shameless, unapologetic exercise in parting us idiot parents from our very hard earned in order to keep aged Disney executives in seven figure pensions. An awful, soulless dump where smiling faces are almost as hard to find among the punters as the underpaid, undertrained, over stressed staff. Ludicrous queues for everything, including the ghastly food (80 Euros for a foul buffet for three with three soft drinks, all of which we had to choose and pay for before being allowed to sit  and I gave up another lunch in Paris for this?) on what was allegedly a quiet ish day. Epitomises everything that is wrong with Western consumer society (and from a card carrying red in tooth and claw libertarian free marketeer, that really is saying something).You really want to do something for your kids? Take 'em fishing: read to 'em: if you're close by in, oh, I dunno, Paris, take them for a proper lunch followed by an hour in Notre Dame (where the faithful will still be worshipping when this hole is a landfill......covered by a majestic ancient forest). DON'T BRING THEM HERE.Me and my family went there and the experience was awfull. The theme park was crowded under maintained outdated and old the quews for tue ride were often over two hours and were never that good it was all 30 years old and had not been updated once it was dirty and poorly managed half the rides were closed and the park was quite small and there was no service and food worth five euro cost 30 euro and the place was falling apart my advice would be dont go there go somewhere closer to home have a better experience for half the costToo expensive, too ordinary, too booring, dirty and not well designed. Very hard to navigate around. Eating places very mediocre, as you would expect well overpriced. Very long lines for all attractions. We stayed in line for over an hour so that my girl can ride in only one attraction during our stay. We didn't have enough strenth to repeat the waiting. Don't go there!!!After paying over   200 for my daughters (3 adults 2 children) fourth birthday to have lunch with the prince and princess's i can honestly it is a TOTAL RIP OFF1st Course   Salmon (looked revolting and lots of plates were sent back! ) im not sure i know any 4 year old who would eat Salmon and cream cheese!2nd course   Chicken in mushroom sauce   looked more like dry chicken with sick or steak burger in gravey   NOT COOKED OR   yep   SALMONAdults menu was of course Salom, scallops which came undercooked and cold   sent back only to received 15 minutes later the same thing. This attration is quite obviouly for children under 10, i dont think many teenage girls or boys would want to have lunch with a princess, and the food was for adults.This was a very expensive lunch, im so disappointed, the staff were overworked and we had to wait 15 20 mins just for a second drink.I have complained to Disney and as yet (4 weeks on) i still have had no reply  shockerPark was dirty and not well designed. Very hard to navigate around. Eating places very mediocre, as you would expect well overpriced. dissapointed not to see Disney characters walking around. Very long lines for all attractions.justt returned from disneyland paris on friday 5th april after five days in the disney hotel cheyenne,,,,first of all this was my second trip to disneyland paris with my disabled son and partner and i can tell you what a failure disneyland is to disabled people,on the first day we went to city hall to receive a disabled badge for easy access onto rides firstly the guy in city hall didnt understand us and gave us the wrong card which meant we couldnt get on many rides,i then went back the next day to get this card replaced to be told by another guy working in city hall that he couldnt give me another card as i already had one he was geting very nasty to me and actually said he didnt understand what i was saying which i found astonishing as he shouldnt be working there if he didnt understand,,,i come from belfast with a british accent not timbuktu..when i finally got this card replaced we set of to enjoy the rides but after showing this green card we where left standing whilst the ordinary queue was moving quicker than the disabled queue and this was when boats and rides passed with empty seats,also at the designated area for disabled people to watch the parade they had a rule that only one of the childs parent was allowed to enter this area with there disabled child which i found quite odd as his mum had to stand outside the disabled area which then made my son scared..also i had a argument with 3 of the staff at the train bus ride in disney village that takes you through the set of london and a mountain feature with a rush of water and fire,,,we entered the disabled area and showed are green badge for the ride and the girl at the disabled area said we would have to wait 30 mins to go on this ride and she marked us down in her folder which we didnt mind but she said we couldnt leave the area so we stood and waited then a crowd of people entered this area,this girl i was originallly talking to left and went on the tour and left somebody else in charge,we where told we where the next tour when it arrived but when it did arrive we never got on it and this was after waiting 45 mins already,i then called her and said we where meant to get on that tour and you let other people go in front of us and my child is starting to get distressed she then said sorry you are on the next one thats when i got angry and said are card number is in the folder that you have are you not reading it she then didnt no what to say and there was about 4 of them that huddled together and started talking french to each other as they obviously didnt no what they where doing which i then told them its a disgrace use dont no what is going on use need to start reading the folder and taking account for what use are doing,we then got on the ride after waiting 1 hour which was originally meant to be 30 mins as for the price of food in the park and hotels its a total disgrace mainly all burgers and chips and no decent food to be got anywhere,,for instance we got 3 burgers 3 chips and 3 cokes and it was 35 euro at todays going rate that is about 35 pounds sterling these are the prices all over disneyland and i dont think you would get any cheaper as some other areas are dearer and to be honest these are not great burgers and chips kfc is a lot better and thats honestly,,as for items for sale in the shops take your disneyshop in your high street in the uk and every item is double the price in the parks and hotels in disneyland.we also seen 2 rats in the park one was massive and the other was on its way there also..all in all french ignorant,expensive,wont be back,,staff training poor..rides breaking down whilst on them which was peter pan ride. french IGNORANT staff training is a must for disney staff...airport staff at charles de gaulle airport where also a total disgrace to my disabled son they didnt think he was disabled and he was in a wheelchair they made me lift him out for security and i already had details put on my holiday arrangements that he was which when i was explaining this at security and after showing them a disabled badge they didnt no what i meant,,passengers behind us at security actually came over to us at departure lounge and couldnt believe what happened and they even said that it was a disgrace at what they made us do,,,i believe that if you want to visit disneyland save your money for florida as eurodisney is not worth the money...ALSO keep your valuables with you at all times,we left my childs wheelchair pram outside the peter pan ride with my sons mickey mouse blanket draped over the back of the handles securely,when we got of the ride the blanket had been stolen which we couldnt believe what sick minded people are out there that they would steal a blanket of a disabled pram not to mention who would give there child another childs blanket is beyond belief,obviously who ever done this had watched us leaving the pram outside peter pan ride and entering the ride to then steal the blanket,to be honest we where glad as we could have easily left valuables attached to the pram,i asked the disney staff did they see anyone at the pram and yet again she didnt no what i was saying...TYPICAL..i hope this helps a lot of people make up there mind before they visit or think about visiting. thanksOur daughter is 9 years old, and since we were spending a week in Paris, why not visit another of the magic kingdoms? Well, among all of the Disney parks we've visited (Hong Kong, Los Angeles, and Tokyo), Paris Disneyland is, BY FAR, the absolute worst one.Firstly, staff training is poor. The staff are the ones who must be enabled to create the  magic . The service level is nowhere near that found at Tokyo Disneyland, where the crew members work so hard to ensure you have a great experience. The staff at PD were rude to us or others on several occasions. At the Haunted Mansion, some kids were talking and the attendant walked right up to them, put her face about 6 inches away from their faces and said,  It's RUDE to speak while I'm speaking.  What the hell? They're kids. Some rides are so understaffed that basic safety checks (like seat belt securely fastened, shoulder bar locked in place etc.) are not performed.Big Thunder Mountain broke down while we were there. Unbelievable and a sign that basic maintenance is poor.Secondly, there are designated smoking areas, but nobody enforces them. Adults (and some teenagers) were smoking throughout the park and extinguishing the butts anywhere they could. Even while waiting in line to buy tickets, or queue at entrances. What kind of family environment is that?The queues weren't all that bad the day we went, but the park standards are really poor. They need to take a lesson from Tokyo Disneyland on overall strategy and execution. We won't be back!To start off with i would like to say i am really not one to complain but disneyland paris i feel people must know what it really is like! To start off with we got to our hotel the new york it was lovely, very pleasent staff and even had the company of goofy character whilst we were checking in which to start the holiday was fantastic!! We checked in and got to the room, we were both very impressed, very spacious and clean. As you can imagine we were both very excited to see the parks, its something i have wanted to experience my whole life (age 22), we entered the park and were very impressed by all the buildings and the castle, we got out our map and began to wonder round. we came across the first land 'discovery land' we went to the buzz lightyear lazer blast, went to queue and the guy tells us the ride is now closed due to techincal problems...ok, on to the next ride, space mountain, looks great, 80 minute queue, so we got a fast pass for over an hour later...when we came to use the pass we still waited for over 30 mins! hardly a 'fastpass'!! we then looked round and after realising there wasnt much else to look at in discovery land we went to get to the next land, followed what the map said and constantly lead us to dead ends, no sign posts as you can imagine this is highly frustrating when you dont know the place and want to explore!! We then looked around all the other the other lands and couldnt believe how little disneyland really had to offer on top of that the rides that did take our fancy were anything from 50 mins to 90 min queues! We decided to stay and wait for the disney dreams show in the evening, we waited from 6.30 to get a great spot at the front, an hour and a half later (and when we had both froze) the show started and the amount of people the are so so rude and think it is ok to push you out the way is unreal, after an hour and a half wait in the FREEZING cold letting people push in front of me is not amusing in the slightest,after spending the whole show trying our best to keep our spot at the front it ended, and may i add the show was AMAZING! but for the price you pay along with how long you wait, it just doesnt justify all the other problems we faced throughout the week. we stayed 5 more long days, we queued and queued, only to have RUDE ignorant people PUSH in front of us even when we have waited over 45 mins to get on a ride, we could not get over the lack of unorganisation at the place, there was about 4 desks that you check through to get into the parks, so you have to queue AGAIN for ages just to get in the park, oh yes and of course before that you have to queue for a further 20 or so mins just ti get through bag check even thought we didnt have a bag!!!! to exit the park, guess what another ridiculous LONG queue. we went to watch the beautiful parades, waited and waited, right at the front to have again rude an ignorant people try to push us out the way!! The prices to eat and drink in the park are very expensive its expected i guess, but for a family it would soon add up!! The rides that you think are going to blow your head of they are that good, are really really not! the indianna jones ride we queued for over 50 mins got on and when it went round and stopped we both looked at each other and laughed, we really couldnt believe that it was over, so so terrible! Like i said im not one to complain but if you want your moneys worth choose something different save and go florida and get your real moneys worth. oh yes and one more thing, if you did decide you wanted a fast pass for a day, it is 60 euro EACH and lasts for just the ONE day and only includes about TEN rides. hmm, ill let you decide, but please have a good think before coming here!Whilst recovering from a knee operation and speaking to a travel agent who said that the parks cater for people with disabilities. And consulting my surgeon and physio we decided to book a 4night stay at disneyland paris for myself, wife and 4year old son.when we arrived at the hotel (newport bay club) the person checking us in said to go to the city halls in the park where I would get a pass to help access the rides due to my condition.so the next morning thats where we went, only to be told that I had to have a note from my doctor stating what was wrong with me (the staff must be blind as I am hobbling about with a cruch and a knee like an american football!) So I contacted the hospital to c if they could fax a letter across and spent the first morning trying to get round the rides and at about 12:00 in a lot of pain decided to go back to the hotel to rest and couldnt face going back so decided to go back the next day.the next day I went to the city hall and spoke to the customer service representative who said no fax had came through and again hobbled round the park wait in the queues for upto an hour and a quarter then when the pain got so bad about 12:30 went back to the hotel and tryed to contact the hospital to get a fax.on the third day same again.but when we got back the receptionist said I should ask fot the manager which I did and finally the guy on the desk took a look at my knee and said he would give me the access card which was great as I could get on the rides etc why could they not have done that at the start and not wasted our holiday and a lot of money. wouldn't recommend this if you have a disability or are recovering from surgery .very disappointed with the whole experience at the parks but would recommend the hotel.Went to Disney Land Paris last weekend with my 5yr old daughter and my mother. Can only say that it was a massive disappointment. The service levels were poor and the queues for all of the attractions were massive. A photo with Mickey mouse entailed an 80 minutes queue which could not be avoided as my daughter was mad to meet the characters and this proved quite challenging. To get on even the small rides involved queueing for not less than 40 mins for 2 minute rides.I had promised that we would do lunch with the Disney Princess which we booked at the Auberge de Cendrillion. We had a half board package and were told that although the vouchers would not cover the whole cost we could pay the difference. However once seated we handed over our vouchers to be told that they were not usable in this restaurant although we had made the reservation at 'City Hall' by one of the Disney staff. This was our last day so we ended up having to pay 65 euros each for the adults and about 30 euros for my child and having an unusable voucher. The food was absolutely appalling I ordered venison and received pork fillet! I would say that the princesses were lovely and my little girl enjoyed it but to have to spend 150 euros as that was the only way for her to get to meet the princesses is absolutely disgusting! We spent 2 full days in the park and in that time the only character I saw walking around the park was The Mad Hatter in the far distance. For young children the magic is in seeing and meeting the characters and for there not to be any to be seen makes the advertising somewhat misleading! We went into several cafes and only on one occasion were we actually able to sit down in the cafe to consume what we had bought as there is insufficient seating for the volumes of people. On the first day we went to buy a hot dog and fries for my daughter from one of the cafes and had to queue for nearly 30 minutes in a queue with only 6 people in it and then she had to eat it in the street as there was nowhere to sit. It would seem that once they have got you into the park they do not feel it is necessary to offer any level of customer service at all.All in all I would say save your money and add a bit to it and go to Florida. By the time we had paid for all of the extras it cost nearly   2k and was absolutely not value for money!!We booked our trip to Disneyland Paris to the Disney Hotel Cheyenne. The hotel was basic but comfy but no tea or coffee in the room only a kettle, went to get some just to find it was 8 Euros for 4 tea bags, milk and sugar......That's where it started. If I said 5 Euros for a can of Coke you might get the idea, or maybe 20 Euros for 2 hotdogs and a drink Ouch! You get the feeling you're a captive audience and they milk you for all you're worth.We went during a patch of bad weather and although we can understand the ride not running in snow and ice later in the week the sun came out and rides were still not going and also smaller indoor rides breaking down due to over use, on one day after the snow had past we counted 7 rides closed, you don't pay   2000 for this. On top of this the ground wasn't gritted and in some places very dangerous, you would think with the silly profits they make they could grit the paths.My advise? If you must go to Disneyland Paris buy drinks and snacks at the train station, eat at Rainforest Cafe or Planet Hollywood, they're not cheap but the service is great. Head to Val du Europe 1 train stop away for gift buying as Disney expensive. Above all try and save up and go to America.My husband, 5 year old daughter went to Disney to celebrate his 40th and her dream to see Disneyland Castle. On arrival at the Disney hotel we were greeted Eeyore, all very excited and thought we were in for a great 5 days. Our room was nice but not really 5 star, public rooms were again pleasant but 5 star not really how I would imagine. Buffet breakfast lots of choice but not brilliant taste wise. Our first trip into the park was exciting and when we saw the castle we were all overjoyed, that was the end of the thrill, rides were disappointing, after queues of 45 mins to result in a 1.3 mins rides no fun, rides were closed, our fast track tickets not valid between 1   4 pm , and when we did manage to use them we still queued for 20 mins for a Peter Pan ride which was 70% in darkness with stars . At the end of every ride I wanted to tell the hundreds in the queue not to bother. After 2 days my little girl cried to go and wanted to stay in hotel and swim. The park lacked disney characters around the ark apart from the parade. So expensive , shops selling all disney wear , princess dresses between   65 and   100 , food awful and expensive , dinner with the princesses pre booked in UK , we saw 3 princesses and the bill with a bottle of wine   190. Everyone walked from one queue to the next with miserable faces, it was a dreadful expensive trip. A day would be long enough for anyone but I would never do it again. We were told breakfast with the characters, they didn't mention them being outside the breakfast room and having to queue for a photo, we were invited to upgrade on arrival for   200 , to have a fast track for all day, but lots of the rides did not have fast track. No no no don't go .I was most disappointed with my trip. The place was tired and In need of a face lift. Almost every ride broke down prior to boarding. The queues were horrendous, most being an hour long. Meals are incredibly expensive. Buffet meal for 2 adults 2 children was 110.00 euros with a drink each. Sandwich,crisps and soft drink 9.50 euros. Rooms are bog standard,stayed in sequoia last time and this time New York hotel, no difference just the theme. Won't waste my money again on Paris again id rather take my family to America.I just came back from Disney Paris today with my family. I have paid 72      over priced disgusting food   car park for 2 hours in the park. You had to wait a minimum of 80 minutes for a decent attraction, which was not possible for my 2 children. We had to lower our expectations and see fir the second time the no so exciting Cinemagique attraction. Even a very basic attraction required a minimum 25 minutes (for a basic carrousel you can find 100m from home and will cost you 2   ). Moreover, i looked this morning on the disneyland iphone application and saw no message saying the park was particularly crowdedMy husband and I decided to surprise the children and take them to Disneyland Paris in the summer. I imagined it to be one of the most magical experiences they would have outside of Christmas. I was so wrong! I am so pleased we didn't stay in the resort, we couldn't wait to get away from the place...it would have been close to torture to have remained there for longer!We have 3 children, twins aged 5, and a 3yr old. We took a friend with us so that each child was looked after. I purchased 6 x 3 day passes which was around   800.00We visited August 2012. The place was so over crowded. We waited for 3 hours to get on the carousel and a further 3 hours to get on the Dumbo ride. 6 hours of cues and the temperature was 32 degrees. The food was terrible and they charged extortionate prices. The drinks and ice creams were around 5 euros each which add up when you have a family.We caught a glimpse of a few characters on a train. The place was so crowded.We were stupid enough to go back 2 days later to see if the other park was any better. This was even worse. Absolutely nothing for younger children other than the mickey mouse club house. We had waited for about 3 hours again, only to see a very short performance in an over crowded room.We had rented an apartment in Paris as the hotel was going to cost thousands for us all to stay for just 3 nights. It was the only thing that was bearable about this trip. I spoke to a few others at the airport who had been staying at the Disney resort. Everyone with whom I spoke said that they had had the worst holiday ever and felt completely ripped off. My only,advise I could give anyone is  don't go !!!! Save your money and go to Florida if you want to see Mickey Mouse. Please trust me, you will be disappointed and robbed!!This was the worst mistake I have made and I wouldn't dream of going back. It the most expensive Carousel and Dumbo ride we will ever have.We went in 2009 and loved it (the kids were 6 and 7 then) went again for half term this year and couldn't wait to get home we booked the tickets for park online and had to take I D with photo to collect so took our passports and stood in a queue for about 40 mins to get them that sorted went to the rides most had at least a 30 min wait still not a problem goes on a total of 3 rides then go for dinner half the food outlets were shut the ones that were open were packed but again not really that much of a problem gets our food sits down outside on the wall puts my bag on the floor between me and my grandaughter eats our food puts rubbish in the bin turns round no bag yes the one with our passports in asks cleaner did she see the bag no asks security did they see the bag no goes to city hall no bag handed in asks if there are security cameras no asks advice about passports they don't know that's were the nightmare began wasn't bothered about my camera the money even the key to the rental car just the passports so this happened at 2 30 approx on the first day so off we go to find police station to file a report got treated like it was an insurance scam which by the way in travelling for the last 35 years we've never claimed on the next day goes back to city hall no joy then into central Paris to British consulate after 5 hours we found the building because the children are our grandchildren we had to have parental consent the consulate rang the kids dad and said the following mr ****** this is ***** from the consulate are you aware your children are in Paris ? Yes Well I am sorry to inform you there has been an incident ( the kids dad is thinking the worst at this point) the passports have been stolen and for your children to be able to travel we need to confirm that you are aware they are with their grand parents ( by now I am at the brink of a breakdown ) yes I am aware ok then thanks mr ***** going to issue documents great I thought till I got charged    116 each for a passport that lasts for 4 days goes back the hotel orders room service paid    118 for food I wouldn't give the dog went back the park next day went on 4 rides cos queues now averaging 60 mins then went back hotel the next day it was our day to go home I couldn't wait never been so glad to be leaving anywhere as I was I found the place over crowded overpriced the staff rude dismissive and unhelpful and would say to anyone who is planning to go check out Alton towers first the rides our much better anyway this holiday cost in the region of    6000 euros for 4 days and we managed a grand total of 7 rides a holiday I wish I had never booked ShWe took our children to Euro Disney about 24 years ago and had a good time. We returned on 20th February with our grandson after a long drive from London. A total waste of time and money. It is now a complete rip off and should be avoided. One hour, 20 minute queue for a 3 minute ride on the flying Dumbos (3 of the 16 pods out of commission). Best attractions such as Pirates of the Caribbean   Madhatter   s teacups closed (   for your future enjoyment   ). Most refreshment outlets closed. Only place to get warm was in the shops     all of them open! People were sitting on the ground outside the shops eating chips in the freezing cold. Despite advance tickets on a Times promotion you had to queue for an hour even to get into the park (only one window in three open). Attitude of staff:    We know it   s rubbish. We don   t care. We only work here. it   s not our fault   . On top of everything, no sign of Donald Duck or the others in the gang . . . the one thing our grandson had been promised. In the UK we probably would have a case for suing them for misrepresentation.I took my 2 children to Disney land expecting a magical dream! How wrong was i !! 2 hour ques for rides!! we managed to get on 5 rides in the 2 days we were there, or should i say 4 and a half as one ride broke down with us on it, we was then told that we could have a fast track ticket to compensate us for the inconvienience to then be questioned and called a liar by staff saying they didnt believe we had even been on the ride!! 26 Euros on 2 signiture books for 2 signitures!!! My 6 year old son and 8 year old daughter was in the que for a signiture off Daisy Duck, when a member of staff came over with a card, handed it to a member of staff stood with Daisy Duck and physically pushed my son backwards shouting   special child coming threw!!  my 2 children and all the other children who had been waiting patiently in the que had to stand back and watch this so called   special child  push in front of them and have their book signed and photos taken with her!! They also close off an area for the charactors with only certain children being let threw in front of all the other children, clearly if you want to meet the charactors then you pay extra!!! if you havent got the money then your children get pushed to one side and watch the  special  children meet them!! I dont remember seeing disney advertise this in their magical adverts!! The food is very expensive and NOT worth what you pay, 13 euros for hotdog and fries, (not including a drink!) On the way home i asked my children if they enjoyed themselves, my son informed me that next year he would rather go Butlins!!! This was an experience i never wish to experience again!!We have just returned from our trip to disneyland paris on Sunday 20th Jan. We understood that the parc would affected by the weather and the time of year. We did not expect that throughout our visit we would NOT have seen any characters around the parc. It was disgraceful that the management could not have made alternative arrangements for children to meet the characters   for example there are plenty of areas that are dry and they could have wandered around. Or as an alternative they could have put up tents at the meeting points. We also paid for a meal at Cafe Mickey where you are supposed to meet the characters, and yes we did but again only the same 4 were around, so again I would say if they were not in the parc where are the others? and why were they not in the restaurant? I would urge anyone who is looking to visit   DO NOT GO. It is a lot of money to pay when you get NOTHING for it!!!than Disneyland Paris. Compared with the Europa Park in Rust  Germany, it is much smaller and has much less adventure rides. We had a two day ticket, but one day is absolutely enough unless you want to spend the day by waiting up to one hour for a one minute ride. And that was in January. Fast lanes were existing, but some of them were closed. Even Mickey and his friends were not seen   might have been too cold for them.There are on every corner shops to buy these nice little fancy dresses, cups, costumes and other plastic trash, more shops than rides.The only good thing is that it is nearby Paris. My advice: If you want to see Mickey and his Friends, go to the next Disney store in your area instead of paying a hell lot of money for Disneyland Paris. In the Europa Park, you are getting much more for your money.This is just a rip off. Queue for an hour just to buy the tickets   79 euro each for 4 people   pretty expensive. Then, once inside, once again, France, too many people allowed in! meaning that every ride has a minimum 45 minute wait, and the more popular (ergo, the more attractive to teenagers) have a 70  90 minute wait time. Yes, you can try to book a fast pass, but we got there at 9.30, queued for an hour for the tickets, got in at 10.30, and the fast passes were already booked until 16.20. We saw a Christmas Parade in the morning, and a Grand Parade in the afternoon, during which no one can move anywhere, because the streets are all blocked off, but there are no other characters wandering around. Our girls managed two rides, both with 90 minute waits, while we wandered aimlessly around in the rain, or sat in a dismal shelter in the freezing cold, waiting for them. We had a reasonable meal for a theme park, which isn't saying much, at least it was hot, if expensive. We felt we had wasted a day.We visited DisneyLand Paris in December 2010, two adults, two children and we could not wait to experience some of the Magical Disney experience out tour operator advised us we would have, Disneyland Paris are really not good enough for the prices they charge and the service they give, it would seem profit is top of their agenda and everything else comes after this, As I said it was Dec 2010 we travelled, the weather was shocking but what became more shocking was the level or should I say lack of care on behalf of Disney was shocking, almost two years on and out complaints have not been resolved, we are to say very unhappy with this.I have never been to a place where adults will actually push a small child, but I witnessed it for two days at this park. You can't walk a step without encountering someone smoking. Litter is everywhere, it dosn't appear the custodial crew came in the two days we visited. Had lunch at a sit down restaurant in the park and I don't think I've ever been served a meal that was as poorly prepared as the one I received. My daughter had ribs and there was nothing but bones and fat covered in sauce. Our visit began with the woman in the ticket booth screaming at me and just went downhill from there. Skip it. Every other Disney park puts this one to shame. I did not go into the Park as I was accompanying my teenage son and his friends who went to a conference in the Park. Therefore this is a review of the Disney Village and the Santa Fe Hotel. Everything is over priced, the food is terrible and staff mainly surly and unhelpful. The hotel is tired looking and not that clean, and public toilets are terrible! Disney fleece you for everything including wi fi charges by the hour and do not even provide coffee in hotel bedrooms   unlike EVERY hotel I have ever been to in the world? Very small glass of wine @ 5 euros ? Really? In France? If you have to go to the Disney Park I strongly recommend you stay elsewhere.It was a living hell.I took 2 trained carers and a severely mentally handicapped adult. It was a special once in a lifetime treat so stayed in the very expensive Disneyland Hotel. Took in doctors letter detailing ALL his medical problems. The staff in City Hall gave us a pass and explained how to use it., they were very pleasant.Sadly Disney have not told any of their ride operators about it and we were treated like S*$T.The 2 carers stated they would NEVER return and will advise all other parents NOT to consider it as they had never been anywhere so UNFRIENDLY to the disabled.Most of the disabled exits marked for your use are UNMANNED which ties in with the Disney approach of   Who cares, we already have yer cash   One of my carers assisted a family group who were in the wrong queue and would have stood there forever ignored by park staff and took them to where they could actually access a ride.Complete SO WHAT attitude by all ride staff. Told to go to the back of the queue , what was my problem ??? Must have inhaled around 100 cigs by passive smoking as its EVERYWHERE. Food is rubbish and overpriced.We hated it, we were made to feel like pariahs, my son was signing  HOME  by Sunday afternoon and was desparate to leave..........and this is someone who has been obsessed by Disney videos etc all his life. AWFUL.Disneyland Park outside of Paris, France does not have mobility scooters for rent inside the park. I choose not to go inside because I have trouble walking for a long time and if you have been to any Disney Park there is a lot of walking involved. The cashier suggested I could rent a wheelchair to have someone push me but I traveled alone and even if someone had been with me I would not have asked them to spend a whole day pushing me around. The Metro and Trains stations in Paris were also a huge problem  endless stairs up and down and very few elevators. France is not for the faint of heart or anyone with any problems walking and climbing stairs. Good Luck and Happy Travels.Except for a few moments, or to be more accurate seconds   in which you at last spend time at one of the attraction, We and the kids mostly suffered. The queues were long wherever you wanted to go, and you have to suffer rain or too much sun during your wait. Even at the restaurant we had to fight to find a table, just to discover our expensive lunch would probably be overlooked even by stray cats.The place is managed in a very cynical manner, they charge you 9 Euros for a lousy kids stroller, and after waiting for an hour each time just to spend a minute and 20 seconds on flying Dumbo or Buzz Lightyear we broke and travelled back to paris around 6 PM. Our impression was that the management doesn't bother to do anything about this deliberately, as they prefer their fraud victims to return the next day to spend again many hours in the endless queus.The  Fast pass  system also sucks   who is going to wait for his queue for  Peter Pan  at 8:50 PM if he gets the card at 3 PM, and can't get any other  fast pass  until then ?Do not go there, at least not in August and school vacations.Rude staff. people ignore No smoking ploicy. dirty . what more can I say . save up and go to Florida    Expensive. We eat in Planet Hollywood and Rainforrest . meal for 3 people over   120Really disappointing. A real surprise that it was so bad: poor on any absoilute scale and utterly shocking that Disney of all companies would tolerate such appalling standards.When we went to Disney in USA I was blown away by the professionalism & dedication to detail: friendly, clean, efficient   a lesson to people to learn from. None of that showed here, and it is a lesson only in the sense of things to avoid.Admittedly, it was half term & busy, it was a cold & rainy day, but still, that was a test   a test EuroDisney utterly, utterly failed.1) Lines for rides were very long. 1 2 hours. OK, so it happens but.....Disney is famous for its management of expectations: you see a clock saying  70 minutes wait  and I know this, so I think  60 minutes . When it is nearer 100 minutes I am staggered: not only by the actual wait but that expectation management has gone s o o o wrong.2) This is why they have FASTPASS. But the machines didn't work.Specificaly, they couldn't read the bar codes from online tickets.Long, long lines, and one poor cast member running around doing it by hand...3) Which was a consistent theme.Everywhere was understaffed. Long lines, long waits, harrassed staff.Awful.4) Some of the rides were broken. There are not *that* many so if one of the big rides ( Rock & Roller Coaster ) closes, that spills over.5) The food was *DIRE*. This is Paris: you have to search out bad food, but  boy  Disney managed it!!Waiting 40 minutes for an expensive plate of sub KFC fast food...Inedible, disgusting. Even our kids (who normally eat everything and who have mno problems with fast food were not impressed. I found it literally indeible).6) It is eye wateringly expensive.    9 for a tub of bad popcorn, incredibly expensive fast food.7) Where were the cast (1) ?The rides & concessions were understaffed, but where were the  helpers ? I don't think I saw a cast member.Again, in USA I remember being overwhemled by how many, how helpful people. Not a soul...8) Where were the cast (2) ?Where was Mickey, Buzz, Princesses, etc etc etc.Several small children were asking puzzled: they'd been promised to see them   but no one....9) Not to mention no parade, no fireworks...Paradoxical because it was Guy Fawkes w end in UK but nothing.10) Had anyone from Disney noticed they were in Paris, not in CA or FL?Has no one mentioned this in 20 years?It was cold & rainy.But that is not a surprise: the city has the same weather most years & it will rain. So plan ahead....Building a shelter to protect people as they wait in line for 2 hours is not that had: the concept of  a roof  has been known to architects for several thousand years.There were precious few places to shelter from the rain, and even fewer where you could warm up    all imppossibly crowded.The lines were cold & with rain pouring downIf this were  No Name Theme Park  I would have thought it was rubbish, serves us right for going, but what do you expect....But from Disney? Disney !!?? The company famous for professionalism, dedication to detail, micro management...???I don't own shares but if I did I would sell: this is a sign of a company that has majorly lost the plot.In the mean time, there are better theme parks in Europe (or maybe as bad, but cheaper & with lower expectations)   or save up and go to CA or FL.I took my son to Disneyland Paris two days ago. I wanted to have a special mother son day, and in his eyes, we probably did. BUT for such a highly reputed theme park, I have a hard time believing the good reviews. I've been living in France for 9 years and I fully understand that it is VERY hard to train French people about the hospitality industry, what the difference is between good service and bad. But the workers for the most part were unhappy in their own lives (maybe can't blame them if they're working at Disney), and not afraid to show it. I would like to think Disney has the means to train employees on being friendly, or even how to fake being friendly.That said   there is a system called  Fast Pass,  which did eliminate some of the queing time. But it was quite inefficient and had some restrictions. Inefficient because they would tell you to come back between 2   5 hours!! And you couldn't use it for more than 1 or 2 rides at a time. Now the biggest disappoinment to me was the FOOD. Never in my life, even from my simple grocer cheap discount food, have I had such terrible, awful food. The exception was the popcorn and candy apples. Every restaurant offered the same  American  fare, that was so flavorless that stating it  left a lot to be desired  would be a severe understatement. I am not a 5 star luxury diner and not someone who has the highest expectations either. I am a regular lower middle class person. But I would not be surprised AT ALL if the food they serve you comes from the same factory that prepares DOG FOOD. And maybe it's even below that. I mean really, Disney, how do you get away with that? OMG, my son loves  Ribs  and when we went to the  Western  style restaurant and he ordered ribs I thought he was being picky until I cut into them and tasted them. First of all, 90% of the  ribs  were blubber layered over a bone. What little meat there was, tasted like boiled mush   literally. They are serving premade microwave meals and I can tell you, with all honesty, that they are as low of quality as you can find. But you will pay a premium price for it. I am ready to write to Disney myself about this matter, because I would think a corporation with such a reputation would want to please their guests. However, this was just beyond disappointing. It was just flat out disgusting. Keep in mind, I am NOT a picky person!!! We also had a hotdog that tasted as if it were boiled beyond oblivion. I mean really, how hard is it to make a simple hotdog. I can do that myself with the cheapest hot dogs from the grocery store and it will taste better. I realize some people are just of a complaining nature and nothing is ever good enough. But this is why you should listen to my review, because I am not one of these. This is why I am writing this, because I really think you should read my warning, and I hope the people at Disney have a look at these reviews every once in a while too.In addition, I'm sorry, but there were a number of E. European guests who lack what W. Europeans would call manners. And then you have the French teenie boppers who are in heat in line behind you about to have sex while waiting. No discretion for public displays of affection.The Buzz Lightyear ride did have technical probs. And so did Indiana Jones, after we waited for 45 min. in line (posted waiting time was 30 min), then they told us it would be at least another 30 min and we left. It is just very, very tiresome to walk around with these huge crowds and stand in line for so many hours. I would suggest that Disney 1. outsources food services if they're incapable of delivering anything decent. 2. Set a maximum capacity for the park so that it isn't overcrowded and the guests can enjoy it.One last bad point   You know Paris has the same weather as London, right? Well you probably don't. I didn't. Now that I've been living here for 9 years, I can assure you that they might have 10% less rain, but that's it. It rains here nonstop. And it's very cold most of the year. You might have a 1 month window of good weather. But I'm sure the crowds during this period are intolerable. So I would just suggest avoiding this park at all costs. You would probably have a better time at one of the real Disney parks in the US if you can manage to save up enough to get over there.Hope this helpedNot impressed. Where to start: we had to pay the same price for children as adults (what a ripoff). Had to pay AGAIN to park   15 euros, you'd think the high cos of admission would include this. None of the restaurants accept ticket restaurants, and the food was very poor quality though super expensive. Hugely long queues though perhaps this was to be expected on a weekend in school hols. Ride kept stopping on Buzz Lightyear. Tech problems with Indiana Jones ride also, so had to wait an extra 30 minutes. Didn't have the option to leave the queue either. My daughter waited 40 mins to buy candyfloss   no idea why, the queue wasn't v long   think maybe the vendor had gone off to watch the Parade but didn't tell the customers! And as you had to buy a token elsewhere, if you left the queue you lost your money! Discoveryland was v tatty. Sooo, I certainly wouldn't recommend a trip to Disneyland unless you WANT to see an example of a greedy conglomerate in action.I have been trying to book a trip to Disney in Paris for the last couple of days. I filled all the information in online and clicked on the transaction button. All I got was an error message. I tried again with a different card, same result. I called the booking line, they had the same result,  error contact tour operator was the error message the person on the phone got    THEY are the tour operator. My wife tried to book using her card logged in on a different computer. She got an error message    booking name does not match reservation  we didn't get as far as getting a reservation reference. It was only when we abandoned the process that we found out that each time we had tried to book that Disney had reserved the full amount of funds on our cards. That is twice on my credit card, once on my debit card and once on my wife's card. Disney is now responsible for tying up all of my available finance, all of my credit card limit and most of my current account over   5000 for a weekend break. I still don't have a booking. Their excuse,  if your bank doesn't approve the transaction immediately we don   t progress the booking . As far as I can tell the bank did process the transactions immediately. The bank have given me a payment reference number for each of the payment saying that Disney had to cancel them, when I contacted them they said that they couldn   t do this as there was no booking and that the transaction would cancel itself in 5 or six days. I can't access my funds for a week because of their system and they don't care. THE MAGIC ENDS HERE!I was expecting for a theme park for children and adults, i found one toliet in each area, which is not great when you have kids wanting to go to the toliet. There were also hardly any shelter for push chairs and prams, when it was raining during rides etc.There was hardly any characters walking around the park, I know we may of gone out of season but this theme park is open all year round and there should not be a difference in staff rates depending on season.I found the disney village the worst place for kids, Each resturant would not accomadate for families with prams. out of 10 places to eat in the village,there was only two resturants that had a downstairs area. one resturant was a pre book only and the other, we were told we couldn't eat downstairs.I found the disney village staff very rude and not helpful at all.The parks had some good rides but be prepared to do a lot of reading from screens as most rides had french commentry and no english was repeated.Also read carefully all maps and show information as most live shows were in english but they were not indicated properly on the maps or at the live showing areas.Absolutely agree with the previous reviewers, we went in August with our two daughters. We arrived around 5pm as we wanted to avoid the crowds, waited in line, got the 1 day tickets for two parks, cost almost   250. On arrival the kids were blown away by both Cinderellas Castle and unbelievably Pirates of the Caribbean ride had hardly any queues at all, so far so good! Unfortunately things took a turn for the worst when we quickly realised that as the clock reached 6.30pm certain attractions were being rapidly shut down. By 7pm there was nothing open that the kids could go on (neither are big enough for the roller coaster rides), so we decided we would go visit the second park, only to find it was closed! Now, let's point out here that at no point at the ticket kiosk were we informed that the second park closed at a certain time, no they were quite happy to sell the 2 park tickets to us, tickets that were completely useless.Needless to say the only places open were the horrible food joints which were in total carnage and the retail outlets (surprise, surprise). Of course we had to eat somewhere as the kids were starving, and just when you thought the night couldn't get any worse along came Planet Hollywood! Yes, we should have known better, but hope springs eternal and none of the other food outlets were particularly inspiring. Let me just advise others, please do yourselves a favour and just go to the McDonalds a couple of doors down, because compared to Planet Hollywood it is a Michelin Star restaurant. Staff could not have cared less and the food....well I actually can't bear to write about how awful it was.I wrote to Disneyland Paris Corporate Office to let them know about our experience at there resort, to give them an opportunity to clarify why we were sold tickets for two parks when obviously they knew one of them was closed, to explain why attractions were shutting at 6pm. I did receive a response, it was the standard 'couldn't care less' corporate cut and paste, Dear Sir, so sorry for your disappointment blah blah, we value customer feedback, yours faithfully Ms Don't Care.So much for pixie dust!So you don't waste your hard earned cash like we did, DO NOT purchase the 2 park ticket if you arrive any time after 5pm, I am telling you this because Disneyland Resort doesn't.I love theme parks, I love rides and all the kid stuff so this is nothing to do with not enjoying kid stuff. Having said that, the only reason I did entertain the idea of taking in Disney Paris was because after dragging my son through Europe I wanted to end our holiday with something special just for him. I knew it would be costly and I had allowed for the expense...no problem...Now here is the BUT...It was so so so crowded that it was impossible...impossible to go on virtually any rides...at all. When we arrived we headed straight for space mountain...ok...45 minute wait. Not ideall but doable. Then something to eat...another queue but doable....then things fell completely apart. The wild west ride...80 minute wait...the Indiana jones ride 70 minutes...but then it was closed. The pirates of the Caribbean....70 minutes. Then we thought we would try our luck in the other park. Every ride was well over an hour wait. Then we tried the Armagedon ....thing( could hardly call it a ride). The wait was supposed to be 10 minutes...what a croc...about 45 minutes later we emerged from there extremely disappointed. Then to top it all off we wanted to get in one last roller coaster so we queue for the rock and roll roller coaster...supposedly 70 minute wait....1 and 1 2 hours later we left the queue that we were still stuck in and couldn't see the end of. I don't mind paying through the nose but I want some value for money. Not the happiest place in the world anymore.We went to Disneyland after a year of our 4 year old nagging us   we had never been previously. On entering we were met with not one but 2 patrols of 3 armed army personnel who were carrying semi automatic movie style guns pacing the place. This was particularly terrifying for my children and such a stark contrast to the supposed magic that lay ahead. After going through what felt like miles and miles of security and fences we finally came to the entrance, where we were met with over a mile of effectively a shopping mall of hundreds of shops all selling the exact same over priced disney paraphanalia. Finally after much walking we got to the rides. Not one ride had less than a 30 minute wait and none of the rides we eventually got on were longer then 65 seconds. We searched in vain for characters to take pics with and did see one   Jasmine who was being chased by 30 frenchmen while she ran away   she was the only dressed character we saw the entire day. We searched and searched for Mickey and were told it was a 45 minute wait and 20 euros for a picture. Eventually exhausted disillusioned and unhappy my little girl asked to go home. this was an expensive day out which was effectively just an awful expensive unsatisfying trip which would have been much more rewarding if they were not trying to suck every single penny out of you as they could.We have been to Disney Florida & California and loved both of them. We only have memories of happy times.We knew August would be busy at EuroDisney so expected the queues for the rides and that the parks would be very crowded. Nothing prepared us for the amount of pushing, shoving and queue jumping. The restaurant food was terrible and the toilets were stinking.However, we had two really bad moments:The first was buying a Yearly Pass. The queue at the Annual Passport Office took 2 hours, despite the girl saying it would take 20 minutes. They are fanatical about you leaving buggies outside for Health & Safety reasons. They repeatedly asked us to do so, but we refused until we were close to the doors of the Annual Passport Office. When we eventually put the buggy with the others outside, our 2 year old daughter began to scream ...and scream ...and scream. She is in the Terrible Twos after all. We had one French man shouting abuse at us about her screaming. Inside we decided to complain about the long wait. The girl on the desk said   what do you expect, it's August!  We asked to see a manager, but she was another member of staff with an attitude problem. Basically they laughed in our faces. You pay a lot of money for Annual Passes and we expected administration to be fast, it isn't. What a waste of 2 valuable hours in the Parks.2) We came out of the Peter Pan ride late in the evening and decided to join the people gathering for the late night show. What a mistake! It became incredibly crowded in the area by the castle. Eventually there was absolutely no room to move. We were starting to get fairly worried by the pushing and shoving going on. On the one hand EuroDisney go on about not taking buggies into the Annual Passport OIffice for Health & Safety reasons, but people were trying to run us over with their buggies, so that they could get a better view. EuroDisney needs to take a good look at its crowd control, especially when you cannot see much in the dark. We would have liked to leave because we felt so uncomfortable in the crowd, but there was no room to move to exit.The only redeeming feature of the whole 4 days at EuroDisney was the parade at 7.00 pm, which was fantastic. Get your act together EuroDisney:  for the amount of money spent you expect better administration, better attitudes and better crowd control.Having grown up as a season ticket holder at Disneyland California this is how I'd review DLParis:IF you've never been to a Disney theme park, you will enjoy it.IF you've been to WDW or Disneyland California, you will find it too small and the castmembers both rude and obnoxious. i.e., stay away.As a former American, francophile, who lived in Paris, the castmembers at DLP are uniquely rude and condescending. The park is tiny, you can complete the park in half a day. You're money and time is better spent elsewhere.We booked a week at Disney this summer, we were made up of my step mum, her sister, there three young children, my brother and my girlfriend. We have all been to Disneyland Paris before and had a great time and given the price and reputation of the park you wouldn't expect anything less!When we entered the park we were overcome by the amount of people that were being allowed into the park, I realise its summer but it was unbearable, it soon became clear that profit is the only thing that seems to matter here now! The fast pass machines were mostly broken and even if you did manage to get a ticket from one you will likely be waiting 3 5 hours before you can use it, or of course you can queue for 70 90 mins, the staff are rude and dismissive and very unsympathetic.We even resorted to using the arcade to pass time only to find most of the machines were broken or completely out of order although you have to put you money in to find out which ones!We didn't want to chance having a bad meal to top this all of so we booked 2 days in advance to eat at the blue lagoon restaurant inside the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' ride. It turns out if you like eating food in the evening like a normal human being you will have to book at least the day before for more or less any restaurant in the park. When we eventually had our meal they squashed all 8 of us round 2 tiny tables in a corridor 40 mins late! I would not exaggerate for effect but this was one of the worst meals I have ever had, we were so shocked, I complained about the table size and location and that one of the seats was covered in beer but it would have been pointless to complain about the meal! I wouldn't have known what to say. It was laughably bad and cost us    300.I could go on and on but to sum it all up none of us will ever be going back to Disneyland Paris, I feel betrayed and angry as I have recommended it so many times before and have fond memories of it from when I was younger. I hope our experience was unusual and that anyone going has a great time but if you are thinking about it I strongly suggest you think carefully about what kind of company you're going to give your hard earned money to and if your kids really are going to have a 'magical' experience.I think ones response might depend on what one was expecting. I went with my two youngest daughters (who regarded it as a trip of a lifetime) and was expecting a general standard comparable with other family focused entertainment. To enter there was a queue (or more accurately a jostling crowd) waiting for over 90 minutes in the hot sun with no shelter, drinks or entertainment (09:00 10:30). Only when we got to the gates that we found that this was the bag check (there was no way of knowing this or indeed of getting through   although bigger adults were shoving past smaller children I think they still only gained 15 20 mins). After that the ticket queue began which was an additional 60 minutes complete with ticket touts (or rather scammers   they did not actually have any tickets   just wanted money). Shelter from the sun at least, but no food, drinks or entertainment   very tough on a five year old and nine year old   and plenty of  attitude  from the staff who I think resent having to work in somewhere like this. (10:30 11:30) Very expensive entry prices for the travesty that we were about to experience which I'll report separately.BTW: In response to the other visitors   we speak excellent French and generally find no problem at all in France.We stayed at Disneyland Paris for 3 days at the end of August and it will definitely be our last visit. We had booked into the Sante Fe Hotel   absolutely dreadful in every respect   in order to benefit from the Magic Hours. However, the number of rides which were not working during the Magic Hours meant the few rides which were working were as overcrowded as at the busiest time of the day. And, of course, it was the most poplar rides which were out of order most frequently.There was no information about what was supposed to be happening after 21.00 and despite waiting until 22.10 for something   anything   to happen on our first evening, we were disappointed and returned to our hotel without knowing what we would miss. I asked a cast member but she seemed as lost as I was.A number of the more popular rides broke down fairly frequently during park opening hours, too. The Fast Pass machines were almost always out of order and led to at least one punch up between customers that I witnessed   nice for my children to see. One machine for the Star Tours ride dispensed one FP followed by an invalid ticket, only to dispense another valid FP followed by an invalid ticket to the next customer. This meant people could not get more FPs as some of their tickets had registered correctly. I gave away the FP I got as I couldn't allow my 11 year old to go on without an adult and try as I might, the FP machine would not accept a second ticket from me. There was rarely a cast members to ask for help. The queues were extremely long and the waiting times given were not accurate.On our day at the Studios, we went immediately to Crush's Coaster, 20 minutes before the park was due to open. The queue was already 45 minutes long and by the time we were half way through an announcement was made to say the ride completely full. I am still unsure what was meant by this but it seemed to imply that the nobody else was allowed to join the existing queue.I cannot fault the cast members who took the roles of the various Disney Characters; they were absolutely marvellous and delighted my six year old niece. The people in the restaurants made an effort to deal with the dairy allergy of one of our group, although they had generally run out of the allergy menu. It was a far cry from Florida where the dairy allergic menu was amazing.The hotel fell far short of our expectations. We have stayed at Disney Hotels in the past and have always been delighted with the accommodation. This time was totally different: the beds were so uncomfortable, my son elected to sleep on the floor: he was the only one who got a decent night's sleep. There was nowhere to hang the hand towels in the bathroom and both of our rooms stank. This was a huge disappointment to us. I have always loved Disney but the Paris Park seems very run down. Avoid it if you can.We arrived for 5 days and nights at Disneyland Paris, hoping for the magic that we had experienced 3 years earlier, and we were so disappointed!!! Miserable, bolshy staff, rip off prices and what I would describe as a hatred for English people, this was the worst experience we have had in France ever!!! The staff understand English perfectly well if euros are mentioned or required, but should you raise a concern or complaint, forget it, total lack of customer service, ignorance and rudeness you will never experience anywhere else...... shame really because if they adopted the same mentality as their colleagues in the states then it would be a more pleasurable experience. As others say on here, either save your cash and go to Florida, or go to other parks in Europe.We went to eurodisney with our 8 year old and our 2 year old. We usually go to Florida but decided to try Eurodisney. In simple terms.....  we stayed in an on site hotel to get access before the masses but many of the rides are not open in the golden 2 hours, only half the park is available and 2 of the most popular rides suffered 'technical problems' and couldn't be used  Almost all of the staff are awful, miserable and simply don't want to be there  The only food available is burgers, chips, battered fish and pizza and is the same in every restaurant. I recommend you play 'hunt the vegetable...'  The whole place and everything in it is extremely expensive. Child's plastic sword 10 euro. Plastic figure, 16 euro. Child's meal (burger and chips) 12 euro  in our 4 days and 3nights we saw 1 character (Minnie mouse) If you stay on site then the breakfast in the parks is good and the hotel was ok   Nweport bayMy advice? Save up and go to the US.After visiting all of the Disneylands and worlds around the globe we feel we are more than qualified to write a review for this particular one.It is definitely the worst of them all. Longest lines we have ever seen (on the rides that were open). Not many staff members around. Lots of people were having problems using the FastPass machines and there was no one in sight to help. This happened on more than one occasion.I definitely agree with another review I saw here. Most visitors to this park have bad queue etiquette! Pushing you in the back, pushing in, standing way too close.... Argh! And yes smoking!Disneyland Tokyo was by far the best Disneyland of them all. If you go to one make it that one.If you come to Paris don't waste a day here. After 6  hours at the park we got into 1 ride and a theatre 'show'.Stand in line at the Louvre or Eiffel tower, much better reward.   its all a con   Pending review we have just returned from Disneyland Paris, we stayed at New York hotel on the park, it was OK, with the cost we received 8.00am entry to the park also Fasttrack passes, on the first full day we were at the park i queued for 90 minutes with my granddaughter to go on the Dumbo ride, be in mind this is a small childrens ride, for little ones to queue for 90 minutes is just not on. the ride lasted 3 minutes.on the next morning we were up with the larks to get to the park for a 8.00am start, only to find there were hardly any rides open !!!we tried to fasttrack for Thunder mountain, it took 30 mins to queue for the fasttract tickets, then when our time was given we went to the FT queue only to have to wait another 30 mins for the ride. By this time we had lost the will to live.The park has far to many customer, the queues for food were so long we could not get any so ended up with a box of popcorn.The best part of the park was the lunch with the disney crew, but the food really was not good, i had fish and chips at 19Euros and really it was 2 fish fingers, my granddaughter had a mushroom pizza which consisted of a tomato base and raw mushrooms sprinkled on top. all in all i would not recommend anyone to go to Disneyland Paris, far to expensive and far to packed not VFM at all This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not ofWe had a very poor experience of Disney. We stayed at the Santa Fe, which was basic, a bit tired looking(could have done with a repaint) but it was clean, rooms cleaned daily, fresh towels and toiletries provided daily. It went downhill from there. We had booked lunch with the characters at Disney Cowboy Cookout BBQ. Food was fairly poor quality, but hadn't really expected much better. We went with the intention of our children getting their autograph books signed. Got a few autographs and pictures, but Tigger (one of my son's (aged 2) favourites)missed out our table three times. When we went over, Tiggers minder said our kids have enough autographs and said we couldn't have Tiggers. My daughter (aged 7) then approached Tigger directly to politely ask him. Tiggers minder told him not to sign it so Tigger then shook his hands and refused, resulting in two very upset children. The next day we planned our day at the studios park, and reserved a table at Le Restaurant Des Stars. We sat down to eat our food and my daughter jumped out of her seat and announced there was a dead mouse under the table. We grabbed the kids, told the staff and demanded our half board meal vouchers back. The staff appeared surprised we wanted to leave the restaurant, but did return our vouchers. It was a  Ratatouille  themed restaurant, but a dead mouse was ridiculous!. (We have yet to try to claim the money back as you have to do that via email with a copy of your vouchers) we went later to report it to Guest Relations, who took a statement , and gave us vouchers for 2 balloons and 2 badges, and 2 passes for immediate boarding for 2 rides. Due to our lunch of crisps and popcorn ( we couldn't stomach anything else after the mouse incident) we were all really hungry so went back to the park for our dinner reservation at 8pm at Agrabah Cafe. We finally got seated at 8.20pm went to the buffet, but there was hardly any food left. When we questioned this, we were told they close at 8.30pm, and everybody was hungry today and they had run out of stock! All this, with a lot of miserable staff, long queues ( which I did expect) for very short rides (which I didn't) made for a Disney experience never to be repeated. We expected much more of the Disney brand,Gate staff RUDE and in the need of a wash as some were very smelly with BO. Arranged voucher via a ticket agent but you still have to queue to exchange he voucher for he ticket. Taking about 90 minutes in the heat, the queue to get into the park.my husand was only going for 1 day so he could get into the park strainght away, but he did not get his ticket back so had a horrible time trying to get back into park. Gate people very rude and i had to ask for then to get me their supervisor, who sorted everything out very quickly and with no problems.Queues very long and fast past not working but fast past was working if you were Swedish (thunder mountain)toilets filthy except for toilets at the videopalos which were spotless.Most of lands closed @ 2145Parade poor as too many static displays.will i do it again Paris no but am going to the REAL disney in 10 weeks where the Americans know how to put on a good show.Ok, I went in august with 2 kids 3 and 5. we were waiting for everything all the time. waiting times are horrid, 30 minutes was a short waiting time. We bought an annual ticket because this is more cost effective and had to wait over 2 hours. It is pretty hearbreaking to have your kids cry of frustration in disneyland because we only managed 3 or 4 rides in one day.Our family   parents and older kids 21,16, 14 looked forward to this visit with great anticipation as a highlight of our trip. We visited in July and the unbearable queues started just outside the train station. The first queue is a bag check   not sure what they were looking for but they did ask about our food   didn't take it away so I guess it's allowed. We still had to buy some of the nasty, grossly overpriced fast food inside the park. Then there's the ticket queue, and so it went on all day. Most rides had at least a 40 minute wait or longer   the queues are well hidden round corners so that you live in hope that the end is in sight, which it never is. Even the fast track queues were very long. No matter how good the ride, it's hard to justify such a lot of waiting. The sad thing is that most of the rides were pretty lame   maybe ok for very young kids if they could stand the waiting. A couple of good rides lasting 2 3 mins max, the rest were disappointing. The Thunder Mountain ride was broken down, but no signs to tell us that so lots of people were milling about looking for the entrance, finally another visitor told us it was not working and hadn't been the previous day. We queued for 30 minutes at another ride before being told it was broken down   lots of other reviews have commented on these same issues so must be a regular occurrence. We really tried to like the place as we had spent one of our precious days in Paris there, but overall we decided the park was like a very pretty empty shell   all show, no substance. People were wandering around looking for entertainment that simply wasn't there. The nicest, most interesting entrances disappointingly turned out to be fast food joints or yet more shops. Very seriously suggest you don't waste time or money   it cost 300 euro just to get in and was very disappointing. If you simply must go despite being warned   a TIP   we went into an information office to find out where to buy tickets as there were so many queues everywhere and the lady sold them to us there   one queue avoided. Don't go   there are so many better ways to spend time in Paris.I went there two days ago with my daughter (16 y.o) and grandson (6 y.o), they both hated it! There were absolutely no parades or shows, and trust me, I triple checked with staff to see if any were on that day. There were very few rides, the ones that were open weren't available for the younger ones. There were many, many shops which were massively over priced, they defiantly upped the prices (  100 for a cowboy outfit!). The staff, costumed and un costumed were both rude and inactive with my grandson. The only character around was Mickey Mouse and you had to pay to take a picture with him! The food was overpriced and there was only fast food; on top of that I paid to stay at the 5* hotel on the park but they mixed up our reservation so I ended up paying for a more expensive room after waiting an hour. Seriously. Worst holiday ever!We experienced ride closures on 5 occasions which totally spoilt our experience. Especially since we had queued for a long time on each occasion. The worst ride was the Indiana Jones which broke down on us twice ! On the first occasion, we were sitting in the car, in the first row, strapped in and ready to go. Then they announced a technical problem with the ride and we had to get off. what a waste of time and a really bad experience for my son.Bearing in mind this is the peak season, what are Disney playing at ??We had organized the visit quite well. Parking was easy. Getting to the Park was very easy as well. The rest of the day was unfortunately disappointing. There were thousands of people everywhere. Waiting times for rides and things to do was in excess of 45 minutes. With young kids that is a long time to wait around for 2 minutes of fun.Walking around the park was very trying to say the least. We went to both parks and the Movie Park was pointless. Still more people and I waited 20 minutes to purchase two drinks at a vendor. Sorry to say, I just do not get it. There were no Disney character's to see or meet, limited spots for lunch, ques everywhere and really nothing to see.My three boys agree with me. It was a waste of money. I understand that we went at peak season but really the visit was our low point in our 2 month Europe visit.Paris Disneyland 19 07 12   After waiting my entire childhood to finally get there we allowed two days to visit the park in our holiday planning whilst in Paris and wish we hadn't. I pre purchased tickets before leaving and printed the voucher expecting not to have to que. Upon arrival around 1120 we headed straight to the que to exchange the printed voucher for an actual park ticket which took around 20 minutes. Whilst heading into the ticket que and the main entrance, parents, supposed adults ran and shoved to get in front of us.Once we entered we immediately needed a parents room facility which we failed to find so in lieu we used a slightly dirty disabled toilet and our pram to change our son in. Nappy changed we started our walk around fighting the masses and people who just didn't seem to want to walk around a pram, so we found ourselves constantly weaving through the crowd. Our son being only 10 months we knew we would be restricted on applicable rides and after stopping and asking a young staff member he confirmed this. Against his comment we lined up for the dumbo ride, and after an hour or so of obnoxious, pushy, smoking adults the kids in the lines were getting cranky. We got on our ride that lasted all of a couple minutes to do it all again for the tea cup ride.Lunch time came around and again a 30 plus minute line up and lack of available seating to sit at. We walked around for another hour or so quite frustrated with the whole thing and trying to get a slushy but the operators till was down. We walked around waiting for him and after about 45 minutes and using another park goers phone we lined up again to get a slushy. We finally left and were glad to be back on the train to Paris. Big dissapointment, that felt like a waste of    262 (tickets only) and if we could can would happily on sell our remaining day.This amusement park is solely focused on taking as many Euros off you as you have. They allow way too many people into the park at one time, meaning that you have to wait around 40   60 minutes just to do a one minute ride. Triple the price for all food and drinks compared to Paris dining. Our children were aged 11 and 14 and the park was clearly targeted at 5   7 year olds. We won't ever be going to a disneyland park ever again even for free as it is a waste of a day. Don't even bother with the Disney Studios next door, the queues were even longer and so much is geared for the patron to buy food or disney products.Disney Land Paris or DLP, is a tired overcrowded, overpriced dump! To start with the place is extortionate, all the souvenir shops sell all the same items and its all tat. The queues to get in if you do not have tickets already are long, very long. Once in you are subjected to loud music everywhere, very few seats and the toilets are disgraceful. The toilets are very few and far between and during our visit we did not see them get cleaned once, anywhere. The rides take a very, very long time to get on, if the sign says 40 minutes you might as well add another 20 on for good measure!!! We went on most of the bigger rides and found the only way to save time and stress was to use the fast pass facility, which was good but the more popular rides soon ran out and then the queues were upwards of an hour minimum. Thunder Mountain during our six day visit was out of action for  technical reasons  at least twice to our knowledge. We found at this time that the staff, who were normally very helpful, retreated and became non existent. The few times that we did queue, the lines went on forever, very discreet and hidden at the entrance to the ride to get you in and then the long wait begins. The few roller coasters that are there are very much the same and are very much a let down after the long wait, two minutes or less is pretty rubbish. Overpriced drinks and food, so if you can bring your own in, the shop in the train station is great compared to the park. If you like eating cardboard you will be right at home. The Mickey parade that happens, well, if you have seen it or don't want to see it again is a nightmare, people queue and block the street ages in advance and when it starts you are stuck or have a very long walk around.The Walt Disney Studio which is a lot newer, has been designed to shepherd you right past the souvenir shops, there is no other way to get into the main area. The rides in this park are also very busy. This park only had a handful of food outlets and the restaurant we used, Restaurant des Stars, was not good. Buffet style, with the same food all day every day, barely edible, luke warm and quite often with long queues.The meal vouchers which we had in advance were of some use, but, only a few restaurants give you the full value of the voucher, meaning you don't get what you have paid for. All the restaurants we used , Silver Spur Steakhouse (disgusting undercooked and like old shoe leather), Walts, and Plaza Gardens were all terrible. However, Buzz Lightyears Pizza Planet was VILE!!! Paper plates and plastic cutlery!!! If you really want substandard food you will be right at home. The food in here was vile and had no taste the floor dirty and the tables needed to cleaned properly. We certainly did not expect this substandard quality from Disney.The majority of younger children looked distressed and bored. The parents equally so. By the time my four year old son got to meet Mickey he was bored and frustated. A lot of people seem to leave their manners at the gates and charge with no regard for anyone in their way. The strollers that are available are used by some people like battering rams. We will never go back here,the cost did not live up to the return. Queues I can understand, but being herded in like animals was terrible, like the Armeggedon show. My wife visited here a fourteen years ago and the rides have not change very much if at all.Do not go here the place is a joke!!!!The park has 4 main areas, 3 roller coasters and not much to see if you are over 10 years old. One of the roller coasters (inspired by the Indiana Jones adventures) broke down mid ride. It took over 15 minutes to get people out, and even longer to solve the technical issues. The staff is extremely unfriendly and is either unable or unwilling to speak anything but French. Food is either expensive (40 euros a menu) or unhealthy, as most fast food places run out of salad shortly after noon. Toilets are not great either. Disney characters are not to be found except for Mickey Mouse, who one must wait in line for over an hour to meet. Phantasialand, located in Germany not too far from France, offers better attractions and a nicer overall experience for about 50% of the price. Dont waste your money going to Disneyland, we spent over   200 on tickets for 1 day for a family of 2 adults and 2 kids for 1 park and only got to go on 4 rides all day! The queues are massive, 3 hour waiting in queues...Thats not enjoyable for kids or adults. The rides are nice to look at but very boring, no thrill! My youngest really wanted to see Mickey Mouse but he was no where to be seen and neither was any other character! Very dissapointing day for our family...If this review saves anyone the overwhelming sense of disappointment, frustration and anger that we have recently endured during our trip (6 to 8 July), then at least something positive may be said of our recent visit to Disneyland Paris. Our party comprised 2 adults and 2 children (6 and 3), and lasted 2 nights, 3 days. It started positively enough with good value for money parking at the local NCP car park and easy access to the train station. Passport control was efficient and embarkation stress free. We then arrived at DLP. Our bags were left at the station and were available for collection at the hotel, so far, so good. Upon arrival at the Station, we were herded into the main shopping and restaurant area. We wandered up and down the main street looking for signs for the main parks,or someone to ask. The one employee we did find, claimed not to know where the main park was...helpful. To be fair, it wasn't that difficult to find, and entry into the main attractions was hassle free (but only with Pre booked tickets, which fortunately we had). Once inside, the enormity of our mistake in coming here began to sink   it was packed,and I mean really,really packed. Many people may be afraid to tell themselves, and their friends, that they did not enjoy their visit because of its cost, and because of the build up to something which for many may be a once in a lifetime experience. But, I can tell you, our immediate observation was that the park was filled with stressed and angry looking parents, and children in melt down: and the ratio of positive to negative comments on this and other sites is not reflective of the sense which we got of the experience people were having. So, we wandered up the main street of the main park, and there were more shops selling the same merchandise available in the shops in the area into which we disembarked   always good to have a second chance in life. Then, some restaurants, then, some more shops. At last we arrived at the entrance of the big castle, and to be fair, it was pretty impressive (especially if you are 3 and 6). A good photo opportunity taken. We moved into the area of the main attractions. I'll spare you a blow by blow account of each ride but suffice it to say, the ride to queue ratio was about 30 minutes queue to 1 minute ride. Most rides lasted for about two minutes, and we did not not queue for anything for less than 55 minutes. Do not trust the queue ready reckoners   they bear no resemblance to reality, and it was not often that this was a point in one's favour. At the merest hint of humidity, most of the rides shut down creating tremendous pressure on those which remained open, and the few play areas were particularly sensitive to the weather. I appreciate the good h&s reasons why this was necessary. The queues, and their length, were a particular problem for those attractions such as meeting the princesses where by the time one actually got to meet the princess (two on shift at any one time, and you're told who you'll see) the children were in a state of total boredom, frequently in tears, and not prepared to talk to anyone   and to be clear, this was not just (one of) my children but around 75% of the queue population   some of these will have been your friends who will have told some of you what a fantastic experience the whole thing was. The child in front of us refused to meet the princess because he was so bored, and one of ours was totally dis interested by the time the big moment came. To be fair to the character, she was very good, and one of my children loved the fleeting moment. But: in, hello, photo, out. Only time will tell if the 75 minutes queue was worth the wait , I hope my daughter remembers the event with fondness. With the exception of a fleeting, long distance glimpse of the disney princesses during one of the parades (which were fun, it has to be said) that was the sum total of access to those characters   access to them was very, very tightly protected. Indeed,the following day, we saw them make a sprint from the location of the meet and greet, to wherever was their destination   not quite ignoring the crowds but clearly uncomfortable about being seen in the open. Once or twice a day, one of the cartoon characters would make an appearance for 5 or 10 minutes, and so starved was the population of access to their favourite characters whom they had travelled to see and meet, that they were very quickly swamped by the crowd,including by adults with no thought for others. It is hard to explain,and the anger is subsiding as the memory fades, but the way the queues were engineered in itself gave rise to stress and tension. Somehow, the designers had managed to insinuate that the end of the queue was nigh, and just as we thought we were near the queue's end, we would perhaps take a corner which revealed several hundreds of previously unseen queuers, or into another room where the real queuing was about to begin. You will know what I mean if, when balancing the positive and negative reviews, you decide that only by itching yourself the Disney scratch will you be able sleep easily again at night! Toilets. Some reviewers have said that the toilets were disgusting. We did not find this to be the case but what I would say is that they were not in abundance, and neither were they very well signposted (nor was anything, for that matter). For many, this will not be a problem but for those with children between, say, 2 and 4,there is sometimes an urgency associated with these matters which is best served with immediate, or near immediate, access to such a facility! Food. The following sentence is one which I thought I would never write, nor even give consideration to writing. By far and away ......(forgive me, my fingers are struggling to input the necessary letters) Macdonalds was the best value for money (with a caveat) but more importantly by the point at which we took the decision (after a family crisis conference) wholesome and tasty meal we ate. For supper on the first day, we visited a pizza pasta place where we queued to order and pay and then queued to collect the food. I'm not sure how the chef managed to create this thing which was called a pizza but it seemed, somehow, watered down   it was devoid of taste, of constituency, of heat, of any sense of enjoyment or even simply physical fulfilment (and I know that may sound particularly ungrateful and immaterial in comparison to the plight of some, as may the rest of this review, but I would ask that it be read in context). I don't believe that water actually escaped from it when it was punctured with my knife and fork, though it may have been, but I would not have been surprised had it been. I've always thought it to be pretty impossible to get pizzas or beef burgers that wrong and so the next day (and I do feel guily about this) we had lunch at a burger bar. Again, we queued for about 30 minutes (at peak time,to be fair) and having been served then discovered that the ability of the restaurant to serve customers far exceeded its ability to seat them. We sat and ate our tepid filler on the floor outside the outlet. The food in the 'meet the Disney characters' place was the probably the worst and must have derived from the universal beast   fish indistinguishable from chicken, chicken from beef. Indistinguishable that is except in the hostility with which it was served, and the (cold) temperature at which it was served. All that said, the   30 odd per head did provide the best 30 minutes the children had across the 3 days with a good selection of cartoon characters enthusiastically visiting each table and so in that respect did provide some sort of value. Shows. The shows were good, and if I had my time again with the experience of the past 3 days, I would make more use of these opportunities. Though the queues were often excruciating one at least got 10 15 minutes of 'payback' (most shows advertised duration of 20 minutes) but at least 5 minutes of that time was spent telling the audience not to take pictures, film or do anything which may in any way infringe copyright (didn't seem so worried about telling it where fire doors etc were located). What, you may ask, did I expect? Well, I didn't expect my wife to cry in pure frustration at the overwhelmingly disappointing experience (she is a wonderfully pragmatic person and always seeks out the sitive in any given situation person) and I didn't expect the 3 year old constantly to ask to go home. I recognise that I am lucky to have been able to have experienced this, and some may say 'I would love the opportunity to queue for 90 minutes with my chidlren'. If you are lucky enough to be able to save hard to afford a holiday this year, then my strongest advice would be not to go to DLP. Long and rambling, for which apologies, but I hope this helps. The sequoia hotel was fine, by the way.Spent a day with my family (7 adults and 4 young kids) at Disney Paris. The entrance and setting were very promising and we were very excited about this day. The rest was a nightmare ! Many major attractions were closed for renovations. For other attractions (Peter Penn, Pinoccio, Disney train) we waited over 40 minutes and then were told that due to technnical problems we should come back later. When we came back later, these attractions were closed ! You can imagine the disappointment of the kids (and us) waiting for nothing. Toilets were so dirty, you could not use them. We did not see anyone cleaning them during the day. Cold water and ice cream are sold only at few stands, so you had to wait 15 minutes in cues for water each time (it was a very hot day). But the most terrible experience was lunch. Most of the restaruants were closed, leaving one fast food place open to serve thousands of visitors. We stood up in line for lunch 2 hours !!! I repeat, 2 hours !, in a crowded stinky stuffy room with over 500 people, attended by 8 slow, inefficient and indifferent staff. Then we had to eat sitting on the floor outside, as no available chairs and tables. EUR 150 just for nuggets fries cokes and starving annoyed kids. What a day. It seems all they care about was making more money after selling you the very expensive entrance ticket. We stood in a que of 50 minutes just to have our picture taken with Mickey, and then paid EUR 10 for each picture. The que for taking a picture with a princess figure was 90 minutes long. No one seems to run this place, or make sure people actually enjoy it. We left early, and swore never to come back again.Far too many people in the park. Should be limited  Queues far too long 80 minutes for teacups is NUTSSetting is brilliantly designed but all else disappointing. Understaffed, filthy toilets, endless waiting for everything. Disney characters spotted a couple of times at a distance or moving through the crowd too fast to catch. For the most part the staff do their best but the reality is Disney is not a part if their culture and they will never truly get it   go to Disney in the US for the real magicRefused to honour advertised 3days for the price of two   ATROCIOUSDESPITE HAVING THE ADVERTISING DOCUMENT IN HAND AND COMPLYING WITH ALL SMALL PRINT. Staff denied existence of the offer clearly printed by Disney and blamed the hotel. Hotel stated they received the material from Disney and made it available to guests in good faith. A TOTAL RIP OFF.Ticket sellers utterly unable to cope and blamed it on us as we couldn't understand French. Ha! My wife is actually fluent and the small print was the same in French. LAWYER NEEDED!! But I have better things to do with my life, such as going elsewhere.Lets get something straight from the start, I love Disney. Over the years I've taken my kids to Disney Word and Disney Land in the US, so I thought it was about time I tried Disneyland Paris.The place is horrible. Its the saddest place on earth. The staff are miserable and rude, there is none of the cheer and happiness that you usually find at disney parks, instead you get sullen french workers who never smile and make no effort to interact with the children. A number of times i heard them being rude to guests in french (thinking that no one could understand them).The entrances is a mess, with workers standing around blocking entrance gates and demanding you hand them your tickets so that they can insert them in the slot. Iin addition anyone entering with a wheelchair or pushchair has to wait for several minutes for someone to open the access gate and then manually turn the gate. Ridiculous!At the entrance there are also bag searches, but this is completely pointless as they dont search the bag properly. Its all for show.The exception to this is the costume characters (mickey etc), who pose for photos, but they only appear two or three times during the day and for about 10 mins, so its chaos as people push to get their photo. The park is 20 years old now, and its really showing its age, Nearly all the rides kept shutting down mid ride (such as the buzz light year ride), and in the event of rain most of discovery world shuts.The highlight of the day is supposed to be the parade, and be warned as it will be crowed. The parade was acceptable, but NOTHING compared to the ones in the US.I really cannot stress this enough, DO NOT GO HERE, save up and go to the US parks instead for a true Disney experience. Your kids deserve better than this. It was Disney's biggest mistake building it in France, and it is no suprise that its not making them a profit.We came here two weekends ago only because two other theme parks nearby were closed for the day.On our last visit here we vowed we would not return, such was our disappointment. This time not only confirmed to us how bad it was, but set a new standard in awfulness.At 10.45am the toilets closest to the entrance were covered in filth. the pan, walls floors, everywhere, and it was apparent that these toilets had not been cleaned for quite a while.once inside, most of the concession stalls, and some of the major rides were closed, even though it was a bright day.The only park staff we saw all day was a cleaner using his broom as an excuse to hide behind a popcorn stall to have a sneaky smoke.But the worst of it all was when we wre queueing at a food outlet to here the people behind moan about not seeing a single disney character all day. his words were it's almost llike they take your money, herd you inside, then let you fend for yourself. Sentiments echoed by several others in the queue. One family had saved up for a year to go there and their two infant children were still asking when they were going to see a Mickey Mouse, or DonaldI said it before, and i say it again. i shall not be going there again.We live in Orlando, got married at Walt Disney World and went to London, Disneyland Paris, and Paris for our honeymoon. We were at Disneyland Paris June 4&5. Getting off the Eurostar there was no signage telling you which direction the hotels were and no cast members in the station to give you directions. Express luggage service there but we were never offered the service even being hotel guests. Pouring rain we finally found out we needed to walk through The Disney Village or find a bus which we didn't know where. Arriving at the front desk of Sequoia Lodge, on our honeymoon we were quickly given our passes and room cards. Cards didn't work, back to the front desk, with attitude, staff returned with new cards, to our mediocre room. Breakfast room crowded and very noisey. We found the parks were lacking in customer service when we asked questions we were given wrong information, we looked for fast passes on fast pass attractions, they were not being given out and we were told to queue for 55 minutes. Went to eat dinner at 7pm the park was open till 11pm and the 4 restaurants we tried were all closed. Attractions closed early or closed all day without notification, Crowds there seemed to only understand that pushing and shoving was the only way to get to where you were going. We never heard excuse me or I'm sorry after knoching you literally off your feet at times. We are used to crowds, we go to Walt Disney World probably once a month but these people were rude and didn't care. Attractions were OK some were the same and some were different. Everything very expensive, hotel, eating, tickets and souvenirs. The best part was the nighttime show at the castle even though we were told it started at 10:30pm by several cast members,it really started at 11pm. We had to go being Disney fans but I am very sorry we spent the money we did going there. My advice skip it and save your money to go somewhere else. I wonder if Disney Worldwide knows the bad rep that Disneyland Paris is giving them.I'm going to back the reviewers who have already said, disgusting, smelly toilets, disgusting staff, disgusting, rude, italians and french, vastley , over priced disgusting food.Rides either closed or having  technical  difficulties, people who don't know the meaning of the word  que  I have visited the original park in California and sadly the Paris park is lacking in everything, this was a treat for my grandchildren, have to say they enjoyed it but they are only 6 & 4The only saving grace was the magnificent firework light show that happens every night in front of the castle....really very good and not to be missed.If you want the Disney experience do yourself a favour and go to the states, where they know how to do it properly, the french, sadly haven't got a clueLet me start by saying that I loooove everything Disney. I was first taken to Disneyworld Florida in 1973 at the age of 9. I have been back more than 25 times overs the years, so of course, on my first trip to Paris, I had to see Disneyland Paris. My first clue should have been the 20% discount coupon that I was able to find on a one day 2 park ticket. In my experience, you NEVER find such a coupon for Disneyworld. Sure, they discount the tickets, but never more than a couple of bucks.OK, no problem redeeming the coupon. We went right over to their Disney Studios park because it closed at 6 pm and Disneyland didnt close until 11 pm.I guess this one is meant to be like the MGM Hollywoord studios. At first glance, the park looked like Disney. Nice buildings, flowers, statues. Right past the Studio 1 building, we noticed Minnie Mouse and a line of kids so we went over to take a picture. I've seen other reviews about crowds, people not waiting their turn, and pushy parents. But, how about a pushy Minnie? Yes, Minnie pushed a lady out of the way to take a photo with another child. Now in Minnie's defense, the lady appeared to not wait her turn, but when have you ever seen a character pushing someone? Next, we began to look for shows and rides. Armageddon broken, Aerosmith broken, Lilo and Stitch and Disney Playhouse show in French every 10 20 minutes. In English, every 2 3 hours. Fast Pass machines not in use even though lines warranted it. So, in 4 hours, we got on one ride and just decided to sit in a good spot and wait for the parade. Another disappointment. I know there's a recession, but the parade was over in like 5 minutes. Crazy. I've never seen anything like it.Oh, if you use the bathrooms, bring some toilet paper and a mask because it smells like a NYC subway station in there. Actually, the subway probably smells better.Off to the Disneyland park. Much of the same. No characters around, rides broken including Space Mountain, no fast passes, line times not accurate. If it says 30 minutes, expect 45, etc. Bathrooms just plain nasty. At Disney, this is unheard of. After much frustration and a long day, we just said heck, let's get some ice cream or French fries. We searched for food for about an hour because at 8 pm, all eating establishments off of Main Street were closed or closing despite the park not closing untill 11pm. Notably, all Disney paraphernalia stores and carts were open. We finally made our way to Main Street and found ice creams and waited about an hour and 45 mins for the Disney Dreams show.I feel sorry for Parisiens if they think this is the Disney experience. It was really nothing more than a poorly managed, overpriced attempted replica.***The Disney Dreams show and the Disneyland Parade were excellent.All in all, as I stated, I love Disney so visiting Disneyland Paris was on my bucket list anyway. Can't wait to return to the real Disney though.We recently returned home from a 4 day trip to Disneyland Paris over the time of the Character Strike 16th May 2012. The whole time we were there there was NO parades & our pre paid character dinner had NO Characters. My husband myself and 2 sons (aged 4 & 2) were gutted and alot of let downs and tears. While there the disney staff told us to eat for free in disney cafe and send our receipt back when we got home and get a FULL refund (cost   75) we were given   19, rubbish lies breach of trust disgusted. Also Disney staff told us to send our park tickets back and they would give a FULL redund, again lies they wont refund them now were home!!!! offered tickets for a tickets for a day but hey from Northern Ireland to Disney costs alot for 1 days free tickets. Dispicable customer services, get rid of you then ignore your emails and dont refund what was promised, i thought Disney would have treated people better!!! Stay clear people and if let down when there make sure you get it all in writing or recorded as these people will not follow through, my 2 litttle boys went to see their heros and were completely let down.Visited several months ago but decided to write this review as some friends have just returned from this money grabbing hell hole and have related the same experiences that we met. Basically the French should never have been allowed to get their hands on a Disney franchise because a) they don't like foreigners and as tourists tend to be foreigners they make up the majority of visitors here and thus obviously annoys the staff! b) this Disney park is aimed at the French first, then other Europeans (Germans, Dutch...) c) if you are British you get treated with utter disdain. Try explaining to your six year old child why Goofy pushed him out of the way so the French child could take priority for the photograph   try being a mum and wanting to smack Goofy in front of everyone!!!Basically the operators of this park have not got a handle on how to create a Disney experience complete with smiles, laughter and 'feel good' atmosphere. You resent paying 200 euros for your family to get in to be snarled at, shrugged at and pushed and jostled roughly in the queue you have stood in for over an hour by other people of local nationality. Men are the worst, this is a habit I also discovered exists in a couple of theme parks in Spain. I don't mind queing for whatever time it takes to get on a ride but I get real angry when my children have been patient, stood in line, only to have four loud local teenage girls come from under the barrier and stand in front of them. The attendants say nothing and the pusher ins just give you the 'go back where you came from' glare...Food   overpriced junk. Toilets   filthy, take your own toilet paper if you   like most people   tend to use it...Health and Safety   it is the French habit to smoke everywhere so be prepared to endure the stink   mind your young children's eyes and cigarettes are held down at their eye level...as mentioned in several reviews here...dangerous!!!!Queuing   stand your ground over your place in the queue   you WILL get pushed in front of!Language   speak French...? so do we   but the staff like to pretend you cannot.For these reasons alone I would like to see Paris Disney closed down   or old Walt come back and haunt the hell out of the place! awful awful, awful...and I am sure the attitude of staff would earn them the 'R' label here in the UK.If you enjoy queing, pushing your way through crowds and stinking toilets this is the place for you. My complaints are endless but heres a few. The park cant cope with the amount of people. You queue for 20 mins to get in then another 15 to have your bags xrayed. You then queue again for at least 15 20 mins for them to check your tickets. Then you queue again to book your lunch time late meal another 15 20 mins when you later go for your meal you queue again regardless of your reservation as no one sticks to the times reserved. My first meal mussels on rice and even that was a shock as it had a large black stone in it the size of a mussel, the waitress just said oh im sure it proves it was from the sea i will tell the supervisor and just walked off. In this resturant serving approx 100 people there is 1 toilet and 1 sink in the ladies and gents it stinks in there and the floor is sticky underfoot. In another toilet in disney studios park as my son and i walked in his feet went from underneath him and he hit the floor hard as the floor was covered in water from the overflowing blocked toilets he is 7 and doesnt like disney anymore. 4 major rides were closed the 5 days we were there even the top section of the castle. If you go with young children with pushchair etc check your hotel has a lift some dont. The park stays open late after the public have gone but you can forget the rides your young children couldnt get on in the day as they close them, Nice touch. The layout of the park is good the parade and the 20th anniversary show but overall the experience is stressfull and not one i would recomend, there was no magic for us as it was ruined by a park that is obviously cannot cope.ps.breakfast is a free for all ive never heard so many plates being dropped people complaining and staff running around like idiots trying to keep up, nightmare.We visited during half term with a teenager and a 4 year old. We absolutely fell in love with Disney world Florida when we visited years ago and have wanted to go back ever since but thought we'd try the cheaper closer option. We didn't expect it to be on par with Florida but perhaps a scaled down version of the Disney magic...we were very mistaken!The park itself is stunning to look at and that Disney magic hits you the minute you walk in...but it's pretty much all down hill from there. If it were not for this, the parade and show, I would not have recognised it as the Disney brand at all. The first dissapointment is the lack of characters, they are rarely seen outside of the parades and it is a fight (quite literally) to get an autograph for the 10 minutes or so they appear, leaving lots of dissapointment and crying children when they dash back off. Of course this wouldnt be so bad if you could just stroll along to the next character, but they are no where to be seen unless you are willing to queue up for 2 hours to see a princess (just one and you don't know which One until you get to the end of queue in princess castle) or you're a fan of Duffy bear(yes who the hell I that?). The park is overcrowded, queues are long and queue jumping prolific with staff not intervening or interested. The toilets are dirty and smelly and in general it's is appallingly run with zero customer service focus. Part of the magic of Disney is the fun atmosphere, this is dead here. In Florida it felt like everything was organised with the absolute aim of delivering a excellent and magical experience with efficient ways of distributing the large crowds and minimising queuing etc. Here, it is the opposite, they just can't be bothered and the experience is one of frustration, dissapointment and relief to get out of here.We had high hopes for this place and were hoping to buy annual passes and come regularly but we will never return to this park, I'd rather pay the extra and tolerate the long flight for the real thing because it really is worlds apart. It's such a shame because most of what is lacking could be fixed with a refocus on delivering an excellent 'disney' experience to the customer, the foundations are laid but have been neglected. I suggest the management go over to Florida and see what Disney really does and stands for, because this is a poor and disgraceful imitation. My advice is save up for Florida if you can, we never had a single complaint in two weeks, it was out of this world. Two days of this place and couldn't wait to go home.Visited with my family, waited in queue for 1 hour winding through a cattle shoot for a 3 minute ride life is too short! The whole experience left me feeling there was no regard for visitors and it was just a huge money making exercise!Went to Disney with very high expectations and it turned out to be one of our worst experiences ever.To start off just to buy the tickets it took us around close to one and a half hours.Later we saw that they had ticket counters near Disney Village and Walt Disney Studios park with absolutely no lines.They could have directed us to go to these other counters but oh! well we are in Paris no! so we had to get a taste of the rudeness.The wait time and lines to see each character was at least 60 minutes. They have a fast pass option but there was no one to tell us how to get the fast pass.When we found one that explained that we were already eligible for one,the people near the characters said they were done with fast pass for the day and wouldn't give no more.A little heads up at the ticketing counter would have taken care of this.We wanted to get on the train ride,the ushers there said that the train was not working & when we asked could they tell us when it would be functional they said they had no clue.Two hours later when we went back and asked them,they said the train rides for the day was done & it was just 4:45p:m and the train rides were supposed to end at 6p:m.They were endless queues everywhere.They totally suck at crowd management. Didn't think that Disney is so dysfunctional.All in all a terrible experience.Wasn't magical at all for my little boy who was crying when they said there were no train rides.Who cried again at not being able to meet the characters he really wanted to meet.Just wasted a lot of money and I will think a hundred times before I set foot on another Disney property.Seems like Disney is super confident that no matter what people will still go.But I am making sure that I will keep my family & friends away from this property.Nearly a year after we went our (now 5 year old daughter) still comments that 'they weren't very nice' She means the staff. The Paris park does no credit whatsoever to the US version. We were perhaps naieve to think that the magical branding of disney would be international, the french version is very much intended for the french to the exclusion of other nations. It's hard to explain to small children who know the words to their favourite disney films that it may be the same tune but with different words (french!) In short the whole park attitude had the typical shoulder shrug of the french when parades were re routed with no announcements and children invited to join other parades and then shooed away when they had enough kids to look the part   again hard to explain to small kids. I read other review sites before visiting and also have to agree with other visitors about the lack of characters around the park to see or meet for photos. The only one we did see walking around was the scary looking queen from alice in wonderland who had a full head mask, not great for small kids! If your children visit and can see straight through the facade to the rotten core then its best to give it a miss, save a little longer and go to visit the real thing, Where the magic is in the attitude of the staff rather than on the wording if the billboard. Oh and the toliets were filthy even first thing in the morning when it first opened.I first visited the park in 1992, shortly after it opened. My wife and I took most of the rides, and our favorites 8 or 9 times. We went back almost every year for over a decade. The park became more crowded with each year, and the staff less friendly. The last few times were horrible. We stood for hours in lines for rides that lasted minutes, the grounds were so packed with people that we could not reach parts of the park, the food made my sons sick, rides kept breaking down, and we watched rats look for food in the gardens. There is apparently no limit on the number of people allowed in the park. The last time we visited, in Oct. 2011, I paid nearly    200 for 4 people to enter, and we stood in lines the whole time   about 8 or 9 hours   and only rode four rides. We left in disgust   again. My sons  14 and 10  refuse to go now. It's an awful park.It depends on what you want I suppose, but if your idea of fun is queuing up for 20 minutes for rides that last 2 minutes whilst being subjected to loud piped music, queuing for junk food all of which is outrageously overpriced then this is the place for you. We came for a day trip with our 3 year old and lasted less than 2 hours. My advice is stay in Paris. There are plenty of affordable child freindly attractions there e.g. Bois de bologne, jardin luxembourg, the Paris aquarium...... If you are smart you can also eat well at reasonable cost too. In summary, thoroughly disappointed and made all the worse knowing that central Paris is only 30 mins away.I am surprised the management at Disneyland have not incorporated the latest in line and crowd control. It is hard to wait for 40 minutes in a line with a child. Makes the experience tortuous and you will stand there telling your child to be patient and vowing never to return to Disneyland. It is worth a transatlantic ticket to go to the parks in America that have better roller coasters rides and less line wait times. Hellish experience. We have vowed to never go back.Went with my sisier and her 3 children, stayed at explorer hotel, found that disney park and studios park, that when there was queing for rides our children being pushed by other nationalities behind who seem to think that they did not have to que for their turn on the rides. Also during charcter walk a bouts, as soon as they knew English children were waiting, would turn to other euopean Children to have photos taken.My biggest complaint was at the 5pm parade i was asked by Disney park staff while waiting for aprade to start, if i was German on saying no english, i was told to move and take my children with me, which i refused as i felt my sister children had a much right to watch the parade from the front as other children, low and behold i was told to move my children again so a french family could see the parade, we did not move.I have been to disney in Florida 3 times and never experienced anything like i did in Paris, this 3 night break cost   1300, i suggest people save up a bit more and have a far better experience in florida. Also food so expensive in Disney Village, 5 pizza just over 100 euros, no drinks included.we are a family with young kids and stayed at the Explorers hotel which offered a room and breakfast and a really short bus ride to the park for a very reasonable rate. Just packed some lunch and drinks for the day and that was us happy till the evening where we ate in the park after buying the meal plan. Just looking to book for this year and found out FOOD and DRINK are not allowed to be taken into the park, you can only eat and dirnk there if it is purchased from them, this was just too much after all the other expense and high prices charged, so will be looking for somewhere else : ( cant believe Disney feels it is an acceptable policy to not allow me to take drinks for the kids in the day!Just returned from a three day holiday and am amazed at the prices. If a builder in the UK overcharged by this they would be in front of a judge for fraud!!My daughter asked to have a 20 min princess treatment, Face paint wear a dress and photo taken   60.00. If you wanted to buy a princess dress in the park they can cost up to   65.00!! that is double the UK disney store price.A hot dog and drink each for lunch be prepared to shell out over   40.00. Then you have the attitude if a lot of the staff, they suddenly shut exits at the park and when we went to take the train with two young kids and all our cases as we walked from the Disneyland Hotel to the exit that had been open all week the security guard decided to shut it and with a shrug his shoulders and make us walk away form the station to the MGM exit with no explanation as to why.When we eventually got back to the other side he had reopened it and was letting people through, this is typical of the attitude of the staff.If you want the Disney experience go to the states, the extra travel costs will be offset by the more realistic prices and the Americans can do what the Europeans cant and give you OTT customer service that makes you feel valued and give the place that Disney magic that is sadly missing in Paris.For the price we found the Park and rides very disappointing. We travelled over the Feb '12 Half Term. The queues were long; several of the rides were closed due to technical faults (Buzz Light Year, Its a Small World, etc) and the food within the Park is astronomically priced (3 Euros for a tiny bag of chips!).Just returned from a 2 night stay at The Newport Bay, Disneyland Paris & I'm furious at the shabbiness of the whole complex. The room still had rubbish in it when we arrived & they didn't even provide tea or coffee in the rooms. You are allocated a time for breakfast & then still have to queue for 25min to be seated. On arrival we were railroaded into having breakfast at the Plaza Gardens one morning but didn't know where that was we then found out it's a good 20 minute walk into the park & I was using a walking stick for a knee injury. The park itself is just a huge shopping centre. The food is overpriced and poor   even the coffee at 5 euros was undrinkable  many people we met complained that it was cold and that there was no choice. A lot of the park was a building site and the queues over an hour   I dread to think what it is like in peak season when the weather is better. My 7year old & I queued for over an hour to get to meet a princess and they turned around and said she was leaving. A number of very angry parents complained and after another 15 minutes she came back but apparently this is common practice. There is no care for how this affects children all they want is for you to spend money on expensive souvinirs and overpriced food. Of course once you have paid there is nowhere to go with it and you don't have any alternative choices as it is such a closed shop. Not worth the money at all. I feel so sad for my kids who have been desperate to go for years. : (The scenes were the only thing that was good! We were glad to be home away from all that pushing and shoving (people will push you to the ground even if you are carrying a 8 month baby in your arms!   this is one eg what happened to me) And the buses needed to run more regular at the end of the day as me and the baby were getting shoved off them too! There were more shops and un caring people than anything. What can i say i'm more of a social caring person than i am a materialistic  say i've been there person  The kids didn't enjoy it either! The children don't want to go again...... PHEW! I'm v happy bout this!Have just come back and have to say will NEVER be visiting again!!!! This is my 6th time over Christmas, the last being 3 years ago and you are totalling ripping off your customers and guests!!! 6 euro for a hotdog that is extortionate!! Unfortunately you have the monopoly and people have to pay. Not everyone has the ability to pay these prices. Disneyland is a magical place but not at these prices. There are not enough staff to manage the rides nor at the restaurants in Disney Village, you cannot accommodate the volume of people visiting it's about time you think of your guests and not your profits!!!We visited disneyland during december of this year, we weren't very happy. First of all we arrived the disney new york hotel, It was just a normal bog standard hotel with no disney touch on it. There were large queues to check in, and I would have thought that the disney characters would be entertaining the kids and welcoming them upon there arrival but they didn't. When we were done checking in we arrived in a poorly themed room that looked nothing like 'New York' at all or had that amazing disney theme to it. It wasn't amazing like made out to be on its website. The room wasn't clean, the bathroom had dirt on the floor when we arrived. Me and my brothers and sisters who are below the ages of 10 7 wanted to go on the rides, but much to our fears the place was packed. Disneyland Paris should have a sense to limit the number of people they have in the park at one time. But they kept on letting people in. So we thought just line up for something so we queued up for big thunder mountain, it was freezing cold and wet. And my aunt who plucked up the courage to get on the ride went on with us. The ride started of fine for a couple of seconds but then as our train got to the very top of the lift hill, the ride stopped the train was almost vertical it was very hard to get out as there was a big gap and it was trouble to get out of the car. We were very unhappy. My aunt now will not go on a roller coaster again because of what had happened she was very upset. The staff got us off quickly but going down the stairs was very tricky in the dark and wet conditions. We were furious we wasted 2 hours of queueing up. We surely thought they would offer compensation to us like lots of other theme parks do, but they didn't. That ride then broke down all the other times that we were there too. We went to cafe mickey. The service was very very poor. The food was horrible and the price was very hefty. It took us an hour just to get bread on our table. But they did a kind thing and gave us a free garlic bread for saying sorry after we complained. We then visited Planet Hollywood and Anntets diner in the disney village. They had service with a smile the food came very very quickly. Everyone was happy with there service. The staff at disneyland were rude and unhelpful. I asked where this and that was but they just nodded and walked away. And the staff on the rides didn't have any sense of humour or magic about them as advertised by disney. The place was very expensive too. All the rides we queued for broke down once and they just told people to leave without saying sorry or anything. A complete waste of time. The studio backlot tour was absolute rubbish too we queued for an hour just to see one 'alright' set. But the rides were fantastically themed and out of this world but a shame when they broke down and had a large queue. But I wouldn't be prepared to queue for a couple of hours. Yes they have fast passes but they don't really make a difference. I would rate this attraction very poorly. Visit UNIVERSAL STUDIOS instead of any disney parks. We visited universal studios in hollywood and it was amazing. The rides were empty and amazing, they have lots of characters walking around the park unlike disneyland. and they have amazing shows. I would highly recommend universal studios to anyone. It beats disneyland by a 10000 miles. The rides didn't break down once and we went for a week to universal the hotels are amazing there. We visited disney for 3 days and every ride broke down we went on. Very Poor Very Poor disney. The loading staff took there time loading the rides and they were very inefficient. Do not visit.I took my 12 year old for his 2nd visit to DP. I was disappointed to learn they had changed their policy for guests with disabilies. Upon checking our doctor's letter we were given a disabled pass. This allowed us to go to some rides and be given a time to return for more popular rides it was just a way to keep us in a separate queue incase children with autism do not attack normal people. We had to wait 20 mins in Thunder Mountain my son had a meltdown he started attacking myself and my daughter and on of the cast members. They still would not let us ride. We called the manager. A unfriendly person with no knowledge of Autism who explained policy had changed everyone had to wait we could leave if we want. Huh over   2000 had been spent on this and that's what a manager says. How do you tell a Autistic child they cannot get on a ride he pushed my daughter and she hurt her head on the gate and started bleeding. My son hurt his leg but still refused to leave. After the ride we had to take him to first aid and left the park. The next day I complained to Guest Servicea the pig headed manager refused to come down and speak to me I made a official complaint and left. My advice to parents of kids with Autusm is contact Disneyland Paris and ask about their facilities for the disabled before you waste your money here. As a regular visitor I have been 8 times unless there is a policy change.After months of anticipation, we were looking forward to a day of fun and excitement in DLP.Sadly, DLP was a big disappointment. The place was run down and many of our favourite rides were closed. When we attempted to take a second ride at Spacemountain, it broke down! At Buzzlightyears, our ride was also interrupted and stopped several times.Unlike other disneylands which we've visited in LA, Tokyo, Hong Kong, we did not feel the disney atmosphere. The staff generally looked jaded and uninterested. There were no parade and we did not see a single mascot at all, hence no photos!Then when we needed a quick bite, not a single hotdog or drinks kiosk were opened (except popcons). We left well before the closing time which was not the norm for us, feeling very very disappointed. The only consolation was we didn't pay the full price thru fnac.* lot of people   too much in my opinion* average waiting time rides: 60 90 minutes* average waiting time for a pizza : 90 minutes and no space for sitting indoor!!* level of the restaurant in the evening : very poor, staff not friendly, food level very poor, restaurant not clean at all (cups, knives,... not clean), totally not dedicated for children!!!* the only thing where you don't have to wait are the shops...* I was in the opinion the Disneyland was designed for and by children. WRONG, totally not designed for children, only for taking as much as money out of your purse as possibleI have just returned from Disneyland Paris and am hugely dissappointed. All of the staff are French and obviously means the service you recieve is poor. They come across rude and not bothered. Everyone smokes in the park so you leave smelling of smoke which cant be good for the children. They even light up in queues for rides so you cant even breath. Some of the rides are soo old and run down you can see the rust. Especially rides like Star Tours and Armaggedon should be closed down as they look like something out of the 90's. The Disney Village is just as bad Planet Hollywood is nothing compared to the London version. Rude waiters and old run down interior. Mcdonalds meals had more taste than Planet Hollywood. I was dissappointed at the overall experience. The queues were crazy and the security at the entrance was a joke. You could easily bypass the bag search by walking around the side and at some times they had no bag search at all. French people have no clue of how to queue and rather than stand in a line at rides and at the entrance they prefer to gather around and push through. The only positive was Val D'Europe the shopping centre near by. Had quite a few shops and resturants which we enjoyed. I would reccomend Disneyland Orlando if you want the real experience. The French have completley lost the idea of Disney.Just back from euro disney and was warned by friends and family of what a complete rip off this place is! Have been to florida some years back and it is a different class to this dump. I will not go on about the price and quality of the food but the prices are just utterly ridiculous. The hotel (explorers) had the smallest room myself and family have ever stayed in!! The best tip I can give is to save your money and go to florida or get yourself a merlin annual pass for the uk parks which I have and works out very good value.This was my fourth visit to this theme park and the worst!!The place has stood still in the main with mostly the same outdated and tired attractions its overpriced overated and overcrowded!!Having paid   150.00 per day for 3 of us i expected a first class park and on going improvements after my last vist 6 years ago!! Wrong!! Same park same attarctions!! Same queues!!Queues even for the most benign rides over 80 minutes!!Food and drink so overpriced and poor standard!!Organisation no existant they just want your money and are not prepared to give value!!Maps useless!!After adding flights and hotels this is poor value for money go to Alton Towers half the price twice the experience!!At least they do give a bit of customer service!!We are a family with two young children (6 & 3)   som might say that the 3 y o is probably too young to take to Disney and to a point they would be right, however having been to Florida parks previously (9 years ago) we expected the usual Disney quality would apply to Disneyland Paris Resort.Firstly, this is a very expensive holiday for a family. 4 nights at Sequoia Lodge inc flights from Edinburgh for the most basic room (two double beds with no means to have any privacy from your children!) cost   2100 through Thomas Cook.For that level of outlay, even with the price including hopper passes for both parks, you have a level of expectation.For me anyway, the experience should start the minute you interact with anything Disney   including the fully logo'd Disney transfer bus from the Airport   first impressions always count and at Paris CDG, we got off to a poor start.The driver was les than courteous   almost grumpy you could say, no help at all in putting our luggage on the bus and grunts with finger pointing were the only instructions we received about getting onto the bus itself.One on the bus its not much better   not sure how often they are cleaned, but the fold down tray our daughter was sitting at had very old chewing gum stuck to it.The transfer tot he resort is actually quite short   around 40 minutes. The lodge looks nice as you arrive and we started to feel more positive about our holiday.The main reception is spacious and has a lodge feel, so high marks for creating a believable environment.Check in was fairly slow, quite a big que   this is something you need to get used to on this holiday believe me!Your park tickets are allocated at reception, but no information about hotel facilities including internet access or pool area was given at that time. I suspect they did not have enough staff on reception to cope with arrivals and time was a premium   its not a major issue, just an observation, but attention to detail none the less.The room was located about a 5 minute walk from the main building in one of the lodges and its a pleasant walk down through well maintained woodland.The entrance to the lodge was a bit of a shock   very tired looking, peeling and very chipped paint everywhere and not very clean   our room was on the 1st floor up two flights of stairs   try man handling heavy suitcases up with no lift option   not good either.The room also looked tired and in need of refurbishment inside   I have stayed in B&B that was infinitely better. The bathroom was adequate with postage stamp bath towels.The room had chipped furniture and two double beds for 4 of us   I had watched a promo video of the lodge before arriving that showed the kids with bunk beds and a curtain to be drawn for additional privacy, so this was a bit of a disappointment. Other than that, the room was spacious enough.One thing which was more to do with who else was in the other rooms     there is a LOT of noise up and down the corridor at night, which was problematic in getting our 3 y o daughter off to sleep at night.We arrived around teatime so we decided to head into the Village to get something to eat. The Hard Rock Caf   always has an appeal, so we chose to eat there.As a side point, you learn very quickly that you will sped a fortune eating out. A meal for 4 people (2 children, 2 adults) costs on average 80 Euros with a couple of drinks. That   s for one main course for adults and children   s menu which is a main plus sweet. The furniture inside looks tired and needs renewing upgrading. Other than that, the quality of food was excellent and the staff were friendly with quick and attentive service. Next day was our first day at the park and we decided to take in the main Disneyland Park. As one other reviewer said, it looks really impressive as you walk up and you get a sense of something special, however this is a veneer over something that desperately needs some kind of update. The park did not seem that clean and the toilets were at best horrible and mostly disgusting. One did not have any means to dry your hands (Pizza Planet).I could write about each individual attraction, but here is the good the bad and the ugly as far as family rides are concerned, its pretty much a given that the main rides (Space Mountain etc are really impressive). GOOD: Pirates of the Caribbean     well thought out and a great atmosphere. BAD: Autopia     it would look more at home in Butlins and for that matter a Butlins in need of upgrading. UGLY: Peter Pans Flight     we had to que over 40 minutes for this garbage     the ride was out of commission on two occasions we went there (as were a number of rides that seemed to have lot of technical issues). The ride takes you above the rooftops in a very jerky and almost ready to break down fashion. Maybe OK 13 years ago, but has no place in what should be the magic of Disney     this promised so much     the leaflet says        hop on to a Pirate ship and fly off on an unforgettable journey to Never Land    unforgettable right enough and should be called    never ever again land   .The other thing that takes getting used to is the ques, the constant barging, people almost running between rides like their life depended on it and people pushing in. Happy family day out? What do you think? The food inside the park is expensive beyond belief     talk about milking a captive audience     Disney     you should be ashamed of yourself      ..All in all I would rate this park a 2 10.Disney Studios park is marginally better, although the    Slinky Dog Zigzag Spin     enjoy the thrills on this zigzag coaster    (from the leaflet) involved a 40 minute que for less than 60 seconds on the ride itself!!!! That   s completely crazy     it seems that people (us included) as happy to que huge amounts of time to go on rides that are less than average.The car stunt show was brilliant and our 6 y o Elliot loved seeing Lightning McQueen in the flesh     the stunts were spectacular and it lives up to its billing.Each morning we had to que for around 20 minutes just to get into the restaurant for breakfast     how can that be? I have never ever stayed in a hotel and had to que up for breakfast. Too many guests and the facilities are unable to cope.Would be go back ? Absolutely never in a millions years, unless of course many of the above issues were addressed.Value for money? God no, by the time we took into account what we spent just on food when we were there, we spend   600 per day for something in dire need of some TLC and Mickeys magic wand         .Having lived in Paris as a child, I visited Disneyland Paris numerous times and absolutely loved it. The place was so big and magical, with friendly Disney characters wandering around, happily taking photos with you and having a friendly chat.How times have changed! I went recently with friends and I failed to see any Disney characters walking around taking casual photos with their young fans. A few big rides were shut and strangely, there was an old Michael Jackson 3D experience which was (frankly) a huge waste of time! The place seemed shabby, the staff indifferent. To top off this disappointing experience, me and my friends were harassed by a group of males in one of the queues for a ride! It's hard to find anything  magical  about horrible blokes inappropriately touching you saying disgusting things to you in a confined space. We complained to a member of staff and pointed out the offenders and the reaction we received was shocking. It was plain that this member of staff couldn't care less!Based on my personal experience, I wouldn't recommend Disneyland Paris to anyone. It seriously lacks decent customer service and the old Disney magic ...Went with my Grandson and his family (my great grand children) age 10, 6, and almost 3 years. Having been to Disneyland Anneheim, I was expecting something similar. No chance!. It cost a fortune just for a simple meal and to have a priority and not queue it cost    40 per person so adults were getting onto the rides and children were queueing for up to 1hr.45mins for some attractions (one day the temperature was 33c and the other day it rained so hard non stop for 2 3 hours) There were no rides for small children and the rides there were limited anyway. To see some of the Disney stars we had to ask how and when they were available and to arrange to see more than one in one area we had to pay    34 for a meal for adults and    18 for children in Mickeys Restaurant so they could have their photoa taken with stars. In the stores they concentrated on Mickey and Minnie mouse and there were very limited articles on things like Woody and Buzz and shelves were not stocked from the previous day..The maps provided were inaccurate and we walked aound for ages trying to find the Arena where the Stunt Cars performed ( The best thing there!) as there were no staff members to advise us. Nothing was organised and we were shoved out of the way queueing to enter the gates at opening time. four gates and at least one thousand people pushing and shoving not queueing and my gt.grandson of 6 years was pushed to the ground by a woman and looked angry when we shouted.All in all a disapointing and expensive trip. I later discovered it was a Franchise for a French company and not Disney USAI am a Grandad.I attended Eurodisney with my Wife,Daughter,Son in law,three Grandaughters aged 12 weeks, three years,Six years.On the walk up to Eurodisney from the train station Eurodisney looks impressive.We had already pre booked our entry tickets so we did not have to take part in the massive ques just to get in.Once you walk in the place looks breath takingly impressive the colours music coming fromspeakers than as you get further in you realise that is it.NO one walking around dressed as Mickey Mouse,Snow White or any Disney characters. No small rides for my Grandaughters to go on by themselves. It was decided I should take one of my Grandaughters on the flying Elephant ride.We queued One and a Half Hours by the time our turn came my young grandaughter had had enough in the heat needing refreshment not wanting to go on.We found out later you can buy a special pass costing the equivalent   130 so you can jump the que at the rides.We All decided we would go on the train that goes around the perimeter so you can look down and see everything. Buggies were not allowed on,you have to leave your   200 buggy on the pavement beside one of the make shift station entrance hoping it will still be there when you come off?There were people dressed as the Disney characters in enclosures your child could have their photo taken with them.The queue was an hour  .The prices you will pay for goods16.95 euro   15.40p for a base ball cap for the little ones that has Eurodisney on the front. 3 Euro   2.70 for a Toffee apple.My two Grandaughter were promised a Disney dress each the cost 75 Euro (  67.50p) back home at the Disney shop at the Metro Centre Gateshead the same dresses   28.50pThe whole place is a rip off NOT value for money for what you pay from hard earned cash.Once you are in that   s it they have you.You can leave at any time and be a Meany or just pay up and don't think about how much it costs in sterling.We were sitting in one of the cafe style restraunts mu daughter said to me  Dad this is a Day from Hell   . Sitting next to us was a couple with a child from Liverpool. The woman voiced into hour conversation saying   What did you say, a day from hell. I totally agree   . They then went on to tell us about their experiences at Eurodisney and it was as horrific as ours.They said like us they will never return to Eurodisney again.The place reminded me of the set from a TV series called the Prisoner starring Patrick Mcgoohan.The only difference was, once you were out there was no big bubble sent to bring you back.I have been to Disneyland and Disneyworld many times and really enjoyed the experience so was really looking forward to my first holiday in 2 years at Disney Paris. Unfortunately it felt as though the ethos of Disney had evaporated leaving just the signage. Rides didn't open, broke down repeatedly or closed early. Weeds grew from some of the building in the lands and on Main Street. Many cracks and pits were evident in the pavement flooring, posing significant trip hazards. Smokers freely wandered around with no attempt by staff to restrict smoking to the designated areas. We had a good meal with excellent service in the Yacht Club and had saved the California Grill in our hotel for the last night, Thursday. What a mistake! The service was grim from the start.The prawns ordered by my friend smelt strange. In short both my friend ran from the table some minutes later to be sick in her room and I, having tried half a prawn, woke up ill at 3.45 next morning and still feel sick today (Monday). However what shocked me was the waiter's behaviour. He was annoyed that we dare complain and didn't want to order pudding. He avoided our table and was exceptionally off hand with us.Then, when you just wouldn't expect it to get any worse, we were unable to leave on time in the morning because there was nobody on any of the ground floor reception, bagage or concierge desks, although I had been able to speak to someone on the phone from the room. I found a porter down a corridor who immediately ran to find someone for us. By then there were 16 people in a queue for non existant service. Significantly, although a bell no doubt exists, it had been removed from sight. This won't put me off Disneyland or Disneyworld but the French cause is lost. Please, please Disney   reinstate Disney standards!!I first went to  disney Land in Floriday 20 years ago and at that time it seem dated and poor versus the other parks in Floriday. 21 years later it's exactly the same and now seems very dated with a large number of terrible rides that people are willing to queue for over an hour for what they can get at their local fairground. Basically, one big rip off with very few Mickey's and Minnies walking round for autographs and as per most things Parisian expensive and terrible service.Price tag of 57Euro person for 1 park w o a half day option is quite pricey. All special offers are commented in French only. The line just for the tickets was about 20mins (it's around 3PM). The average wait time for Russian Hills and likes above 80 mins. Fast Pass (free) option is the only way to go   if you are aware of it (not much advertised)Selection of food is limited. In the Mexican place  just water to wash hand, no soap (say hi to SARS and the rest)spent 2 days in park all i can say is too may people too few rides and everything is so over priced complete rip off, went to get fast passes que for that was about 100 deep and machines not working properly so long wait for fast pass only to join another que about 40 mins long when your time arrived. Drinks are so expensive 8 euro for pint and 5 for half 3.75 euro for kids cokeGo to floridaMy next line should be 'and now cancel Christmas' ; )  many people seem to love it but this is my view:Admittedly I'm not particularly in to theme parks but this was a major let down. We managed to keep our negativity away from the kids who said they enjoyed it but I think they couldn't comprehend how little there actually is to do except walk around shops and queue.The first hour was exciting but things turned bad once we started to realised the queues were huge and the rides rubbish.We only got on 2 rides plus the train (UK bank holiday I guess making it busy but as the French schools were back it was worse than expected). The Star Wars ride was poor. Entrance price, food and drink was quite unbelievably overpriced   It was very much like walking around the Trafford Centre and getting your wallet stolen.Yes that's my best description: The place is like a tacky shopping centre with endless overpriced gift shops and hardly anything for the kids to do.I went with my wife and 2 young children in August 2011.   we were not allowed children's bad with wheels  food was extremely expensive  drinking water fountains were few and far and many did not work properly  the characters were difficult to approach as many of them did not have proper queue system. You have to push shove.  the rides were rubbish: e.g. we waited 1 hour for armageddon at walt disney studios only to find that you have to just stand and see a few flames, this is pathetic.  the fireworks in the evening behind the castle were the worst I have seen in my life.  the parades are short and simple  there is not many places to sit down; hundreds sit on the curb to eat and see the parades, I had to do the same with my children.  at one of the restuarants which serves mexican food, I ordered vegetarian meal, and there was a small chicken piece! Totally disgraceful.I will not go to this place even if I I was paid. Go to Disneyworld Florida instead. I have been there twice and definetely hundred times better than Paris.August 17   very poor. Expensive for park tickets, parking and refreshments. Queues lengthy and 3 of first four rides broke down which caused significant delays and in one case after 30 minutes in the queue we were told to leave as the ride was now broken. All in all, a waste of time for 4 adults and 4 children. Filthy and simply not cared for any more. Typically commercial, not as it was 10 years or more ago! Stay at home and spend your money wiser.The rating is for this ride specifically! Our Disneyland experience was great! We visited 10 days ago and had an amazing time! Everything is so dreamy! The place is clean, long queues as we expected but very impressive in general! The ridiculously expensive food is another story! The only attraction I absolutely hated was Space Mountain Mission 2. I don't have motion sickness or anything but I think there should be some kind of warning to people for what they have to go through in there! Before you know it you're upside down and turned around in every direction in total darkness, (while you 're still upside down) then blinding lazers light up in your face while you're roller coasting in very high speed and all this with annoying loud music throughout the ride! Also, I think that they should check their safety regulations for children because yes they put them that belt on, but for a nine year old that plastic thing is not tight enough on their bodies or their heads! My son complained that his head kept hitting right and left and had chest pains (not major but he complained) after the ride! It was hell on earth! I don't recommend it to anyone over 20 or under 12!!! (I'm not a grandma just in my early thirties!!) :))) Seriously I think it's an extreme ride with safety issues!Worst experience i have ever had Badly organised rude people pushing and shoving, cues to big for food language barrier a huge problem..........Been to paris city most beautiful place.....avoid Disney......Been to Disney Florida the grand master of theme parks........My advice is go to PortAventura in spain.....Great people, great weather, great rides, good prices and only 1.5 hours from stansted to reus airport then 10 min taxi ride to park........Complete waste of money.Even the rides for small children had a 50 minute wait.Expected so much moreJust came back from Disney Paris.   Actually it' our second time.   This time we had nice time only because of our good spirit. The rides were extremely crowded and not everything has a fast pass. Grown ups squash us when they see me with 2 small children and take our place.   In all the corners of the park and on the green areas where we lined up for the rides you see cigarettes, papers and garbage. Bees are everywhere and they chase you to death if you have a lollipop or anything sweet in your hands.   So, imagine what happens if a bee attacks my 1.5 years old baby while eating anything sweet.   The toilets are filthy.   It looks like they are cleaned only once a day when the park closes or maybe not at all.   Peter pan ride needs maintenance as at the end of the day it feels like it's boats are going to crash.   It's not the same when you ride it in the morning.   A lot of the rides were not working and we were very disappointed.   The staff in the rides are not friendly.   Maybe they were also affected by the financial crisis? They were dull, not funny, not smiley, it's like someone has cut off their salaries and work for free and they are not happy about it.   Or maybe they feel bored doing the same thing every day??!! Even some of the characters were dull and felt like they want to get over with it like  belle  whose lips were sealed and she had that  don't come near me  all over her though we were the first ones to greet her.   Maybe she didnt speak English????   Everything is extremely expensive.   The food, the toys, the gifts.   This is supposed to be a place to have fun and it's ok to spend but all over it certainly is overpriced.   It's like you are being robbed.   Imagine if you have 2 kids and they want each a costume which are priced at 60 and45 euros, you end up spending only on the costumes 105 euros without the accessories.   Not to talk about the food cause you can somehow break your child's heart and don't get them the costumes but you can't stay without food. Generally, the park is not like it was before, it needs a lot of maintenance and cleaning. Rules and regulations across the park need to be reviewed, like some priority or rules need to be set for small children so that they don't get squashed or their places taken by inconsiderate grown ups. And generally disney's concept need to be reviewed when it comes to the staff's attitude and the prices across the park.I cannot even describe our disappointment. It was our 3 rd time. Many attraction were under construction, to another the queues were endless.... More people   less space. Finally we went to the restaurant and chose Pirates. The food was terrible: they just rinse frozen vegetables with hot water, no salt, no pepper, meat was indescribable bad. We were very disappointed.Went with a college group of teenagers and was really shocked by how bad it was. I love Disney, and came to DLP a few years ago as a surprise birthday present   I just can't believe how run down it's become in such a short space of time. At many times the big rides were shut, with little information given about why. These included Big Thunder Mountain, Tower of Terror, Space Mountain. The staff seemed very bored and nobody went out of their way to be helpful or friendly. There were mice in McDonalds and in Billy Bob's resturant, and staff's attitude was very blase and said  Yes, it's Mickey and Minnie'. They didn't think it was a big deal to have mice running around where people were eating. Was told by a member of staff out of hours that the park is overun with vermin and if Health and Safety got in they would shut it down. Nice! I went as a lecturer supervising students so didn't pay for a ticket, if I did I would be demanding my money back. I have a young child and was really looking forward to taking him to Disneyland Paris one day, but after this trip there is no way I would return.We went to euro Disney while on a family holiday from Australia. All my daughter wanted to do for her birthday was to go to Disney. We went all 9 of us and were shocked at how terrible it was. Long delays many rides not even working ( which we weren't told as we paid) Smoking parents everywhere. Hands down the worst day of our European holiday. My sad little girl left after being on 2 dud rides quoting   Never go to Disney it ruins childhood dreams Waste of a day. Only managed 2  rides in 5 hours. They had 3 of the major rides down for repair in peak season. The rides we went on were out dated   horrible experience, gives Disney a bad name.Skip this bad copy of Disney World. Nothing quiet works the way it should, it's stinky, worn down (holes in cement as you walk from Disneyland to Disney Studios) and it's expensive (US$100 person). It's almost incredible Disney is willing to devalue it's brand by putting its name on this crappy, 2nd rate park.If you're in France, this is the absolute last thing you should be wanting to do. Save your money and go to real castles, even if you have children.When I visited, a very large part of the park was closed (including rides) for 'renovations for your future enjoyment', which of course was not advertised when purchasing our tickets. Nor was there any signage in the park about closures, which meant that you would walk down numerous streets only to come to dead ends and have to backtrack constantly. It was extremely frustrating.The rides were minimal   only 3 'big thrill' rides and not that many that I saw for children, either, there were absolutely no carnival games where you could play to win prizes, not a single Disney character in sight, not enough restaurants for the mass of people (even in non peak eating times). As another reviewer so accurately described it, this was simply a giant Disney themed shopping mall. The shops didn't even have much variety between each other, either   they all carried essentially the same merchandise with only a slight variation and the consumer panic in every shop was sickening.Our assessment of the entire experience was very poor. We expected more from Disney. If you absolutely must come here, don't bother unless your children are six years old or younger and you're interested in losing a ton of money on naff Disney merchandise and being nagged all day by your children to buy things for them, because that's all your entertainment options.HUGE overcrowding and extremely long queues (mid week in mid june) to rides, restaurants, fast passes, getting inside the park, toilets.......real rip off food and drink. eg. a bottle of water 2.80 euros.rude and ignorant attitudes of people who are pushing ,showing and queue jumping.never heard `sorry` or `excuse me`fast passes go early, meaning 1pm one could get a pass for `peter pan flight` at 6.30pm !  massive 60 min queue for `dumbo`, no fast passes. `big thunder mountain` IS great but needs an early fast past.  this place is not a patch on florida. if you have been there before, DONT GO to this one ! absiolutely NO disney magic !!!!!You will be bitterly disappointed if you have had the luxury of going to Walt Disney World Florida. Disneyland Paris lacks the sparkle, magic, good rides and excellent customer services that the Americans are so good at. In the parade the eyes of Simba (Lion King) were broken   its just something you cant imagine happening at the Florida parks. The customer services was non existent, in the USA the staff fall over themselves to help you, in Paris you cant find any staff to help you. Very disappointing, we wont be returning.On the day of travelling back home we decided to spend the day at Disney and we had our passaports stolen at one of the park stores. Very dissapointing as we missed our flights and a huge mess to get new passaports. Apart from the stress from having our passaports stolen, the support from Lost&Found department was very bad and we had no support from the park. On your visit be very careful with your valuables!!If you like, spending money like water, feeling ripped off, eating hotdogs (and I usually like junk food but not these!) standing in the blazing Sun for an hour for a two minute ride, having verbal exchanges with Dutch people cutting the queue, constantly watching your kids, looking at the miserable faces of everyone there, waiting in a football like crowd for an hour to get a McDonalds, being treated rudely by most of the staff, using dirty fish smelling toilets (in the actual Disney park) and paying 12Euros for face painting per child. You will love it. I didn't.We are visiting Paris from the US. We decided to take our 4 and 6 year old to Disneyland Paris for the day. Short feedback: This was the WORST experience we have ever had bar none at a park and it was 10X the price of some of the regional parks we visit all the time in the DC area. For starters there are really on 7 8 rides in the WHOLE place. The rides are super short   the merry go round went for 2 minutes!!!!!!!! We timed it. Took 1 hour to get on, 5 minutes for them to load us and in 2 minutes we were off! Second everything has a LONG line ... at least 90 minutes. The rides also suck! They are not that interesting... On top of all this the staff is rude and the place is dirty!Honestly this was a complete waste of time and money. Will never go again .. much better to go to the children's museum in Paris or go cart riding or sticking a fork in your eye!My 4 year old made the comment tonight (over two months after visiting Disneyland Paris) after seeing a DP television commercial:  They don't know how dirty it is. Cold day with people wearing heavy coats and hats and the lines were 90 minutes or more for all rides. We rode one ride and the choo choo and nothing else. We used the Fast Pass at 12:45 and we received tickets for 6:45 at night. Fast Pass? The bathroom facilities were absolutely disgusting: run down, flooded and soiled with 10 15 minute waits to use a toilet...not a big deal as my son's 4 year old bladder is very patient. This park is an embarrassment to the Disney name. Be forewarned, this park is only renting the Disney name and tries to mimic it with a similar layout and rides but is in no way a comparison for Disney Orlando.Oh, and it only cost us    160 for three to get in for this lovely experience. A tour of the sewers of Paris would have been a better experience...at least they're honestly named.I booked on 8 January 2011 and paid for one infant (under 2), one youth and one adult and paid Disneyland paris for first class direct train.They phoned me 4 months later on 5 May 2011 and tell me we have one tranfer at Leele as the direct train is over booked and they get limited seats from Euro star.I explained its not convinient as we have infant and change on 7.39pm is not on. Beth gives me following options 1. cancel the holiday on 1st June2. fly 3. driveI said none of them are feasable and tell her to cancel someone else on the list.She says nearly everyone has child.I said everyone has under 2 years old infant travellling without mum.I am informed of the compensation for tranfer which is breakfast with disney characters which she does not enter on her system and does not specify how many people and for both days or not.I am left waiting on the phone for over 10 minuteson 2 occasions and no reply to 10 e mails for 48 hours.When try the contact option it goes to short breaks who are not interested.All they want to know on the phone is if I am willing to take the tranfer option.I tell them I am not going to tell them and may not turn up at the last minute and claim full refund as well as the compensation as I feel they SOLD MY TICKET TO SOMEONE ELSE AT HIGHER PRICE.hOW CAN THEY NOT KNOW FOR 4 MONTHS THAT THEY OVERBOOKED. Dr A Gandecha JP(Magistrate)What a waste of money and dissappointing visit.Disneyland Paris   cold and rainy and staffed by miffed looking Parisians. Wheres the magic?!Thunder Mountain was closed, the disney castle (and many other attractions) shrouded in scaffolding and tarps. Dreadful customer service. Long queues regularly being queue jumped by French, German and Russians who  don't do queues . Only a few attractions available on the Fastpass system.Dirty streets and everyone smoking!Just don't do it.Save up and go to Disney in Florida or LA...... so much better in every way.We visited in March 2011 and it was our fifth time. There won't be anymore. The Pirates of the Caribbean ride was closed due to refurbishment. This was a massive dissapointment as it is arguably the best attraction they have. The was a hoarding outside the front reading 'closed for refurbishment and you future entertainment'. Do these people think we can just pop back over when they've finished? Another popular ride, Big Thunder Mountain, was also out of action for two days due to technical difficulties. This was the nail in the coffin for me. As a result of these closures, there was around four or five hundred extra people in circulation . This made the place a lot busier and queueing a nightmare for everything except 'It's a small World' because nobody wants to go in there anyway! The French were the usual arrogant and impolite people we have expected them to be. The prices in and around the parks have become astronomical. Just under Seven Euro's for a pint of warm beer. The food was also horrendously expensive and largely awful. For what it cost us as a family of Four, we could have gone to Spain for a week and probably had a much better, and less stressful time. We will never, ever go back to Disneyland Paris. They need to stop ripping people off!One time and never again.  The staff was unkind, the queues were hours long the food was bad and very expensive, the toilets were very dirty, the signs were not clear ... what made me spend so much money to get in there?We went there this year and this was our fourth visit and probably our last, The staff are rude and unhelpfull, try the chap at Starbucks and youll se what i mean.The flooring between the parks and parts in general are showing wear and tear, a good tip would be dont go during French holidays you will regret it , no atmosphere serious people.Off course there are a few exceptions but on the whole it seems that all the good staff have moved on and replaced by zombies.This was my first visit to Disneyland as a childhood dream (now I'm 30:) and i took my nephew 8 years old. 54 Eur for 1 park   1 day. (you should be a superman to visit 2 parkes in 1 day). We went on Monday the 14th of March (Pirats of the carrabian are closed, the train around the park is closed, the parade only 1 at 17:00   no fireworks) and the only thing we did   stayed in the queue! Everywhere! Poor famylies with small children   Disneyland is like a huge market and everything is made for you to spend money and not having fun! I said to my nephew that Disneylan is a fairyland for children and here they are the kings and queens, the next moment I hear from him: LOOK THEY ARE BEATING A CHILD IN DISNEYLAND!!! And it was true! You have to have a nerves of steel and bullockes of a bull:) This was my first one visit too many!!!So respect yourself and love your family   DON'T GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!do not waste your money if you are looking for a holiday like this go to port aventura universal studios in spain this is the magic you are looking for. The resort looks tired and dirty like 60 minute makeover have not finished. The staff are rude we saw a scuffle with the staff and a family while the parade was going on this was because one of the children was over the line where they were meant to be standing. Everything is over priced and they do not care they are ripping youy off. You could be heartbroken if you are taking young children there for a holiday of a lifetime.I can not stress enough do not waste your moneyFour of us went to Disney Paris for three days two nights (2 adults 2 children 3 and 7)On arrival place looked shabby holes in path big enough to loose the buggy in, suit case got stuck couple of times.We stayed in the Santa Fe Hotel we knew this was the cheaper of the hotels and to be honest the room was ok no real problems until.. We booked for Breakfast and the que was a mile long ,did not help that the French dont seem to understand the concept of cueing (This point gets worse once in the park) Once we got to the front we got greeted by a memeber of staff seemed to me just did not want to be there she made matters worse by stoping us even though I had my ticket and then letting in some familys who were French and a couple from Spain who didnt even have tickets. (As we had the children I decided to let it go) Once in the eating area I was amazed it was just no holes bared people pushing and shoving this totaly scared my youngest. once we were able to sit down I was not in the mood to eat.Once in the Park I was once again suprised at how unfriendly the staff were no smiles and if you ask for some advice they either ignore you or just grunt and the park in general just looks old in places.I was ready for the ques but once again I was not ready to be pushed out the way whilst in a que by French and Spanish at one point my daughter got knocked over it was at this point I lost my temper, (Is there no word in french or spanish for excuse me or sorry) This matter was not helped by the staff who seem to just watch it happen and not help infact on one ride the staff member let people in half way in the que. And why dont they make it no smoking policy once in the ques. Once in the que there is nothing to see would have thought they would have somthing going on to keep you entertainedToilets in the park were badly signpost and there was not enough of them and once you got to one they were dirty.I think Disney need to send there staff on a course on public relations and how to smile and defently a course on que managment.It was a real shame it could have been great ,kids did enjoy it but its a family park there deffently seemed no Disney magic. Its a shame we are planning to go to Florida in a couple of years but this has put me off big timeWe have just returned from a weekend break with our 3 children aged 4,11,14 and to say we were disappointed is an understatement . We found the park dirty and it's in need of a magic wand to make things look better. The castle was covered with scaffolding so the bottom half was in all of our photos , toilets are terrible with tissue and water everywhere . We actually had a competition amongst ourselves to find a Disney member of staff with a smile on their face .. We are yet to find one! . We have been to Florida Disney world and staff will come over and have a conversation and ask how you are enjoying your stay, even the retail staff seem to be in character they are always happy and polite . My advice to families would be to save your money and go to Alton towers instead, it's closer to home and a lot cheaper.just back from a 3 day 2 night Sun deal so it was cheap to get there.from that point on it was very expensive!!!we stayed in the cheyenne, the heating was broken and we had to call twice to get it fixed, the all you could eat buffet was expensive and disgusting, the hot food was cold or barely warm which is a recipe for disaster!the pavement in disney viallage is broken and full of holes, some large enough to cause you a significant injury.insufficient restaurants for the number of visitors in the village, booking a table was almost impossible.France is supposed to be the gastronic capital of the world and the birthplace of cooking and fine dining, a fact that seems to have slipped by every restaurant there!!save up and go to the US, it is friendlier and you will get a decent meal!!!   250 total for tickets, parking and food for two adults, two kids. Very disappointing. Very long queues everywhere, even in February. We joined one queue at the  30 min from this point  sign. One hour later we finally got on the ride, which lasted exactly 1min 20 seconds!Some more rides might be a good idea   there are more shops than there are rides.Very little indoor seating at any of the fast food restaurants   fine in summer but not very comfortable on a cold February day. Staff are unfriendly to the point of being rude. Instructions are barked at you. On more than one of the rides, a member of staff came along and tugged at our seatbelt without saying a word, no  excuse me  or  please may I check you have your seatbelt on . As if we were animals being herded. I didn't see a single member of staff smile the entire day and noticed very few smiles on the faces of the other visitors.Nothing magical about it at all. A complete rip off. We'll definitely not be going back.My expectations were set by my favorable visits to DisneyWorld in Orlando. This place is a brand killing experience. DL Paris looks like they built it 19 years ago and forgot about it. It suffers from a lack of maintenance (potholes in the sidewalks, siding falling off buildings, burned out light bulbs in marquees, peeling wallpaper), the hotel rooms don't meet the standards of the economy hotels in USA , serv ice is SLOW everywhere and there was garbage everywhere (it looked like it snowed cigarette butts and trash cans were overflowing). All of this comes at the normally high Disney prices. Why anyone would spend time here is beyond me. We attended a corporate function with 1,500 people from across the world and the work topics were trumped for the entire week by the negative discussions about the park and hotels. As far as the hotels go, these were the worst I've seen in 30 years of travel.I was thrilled to check out a Disney park outside of the US but soon found myself horrified at what I saw. There is none of the Disney service that is standard at the American properties, and the two parks themselves were sad little versions of what makes Disney parks so great. The service was non existent, the rides were pathetic, and the cleanliness was an embarrassment. I cannot recommend strongly enough that anyone seeking a Disney park experience save their money and get to either Disneyland in California or Disneyworld in Florida. The experience could not be more different. The staff at the US parks makes you feel like the most important customer in the world, while the staff at Disneyland Paris made my family feel as if we couldn't leave fast enough. These people owe Walt Disney an apology for defiling his name   they should rename it  Dismal Land .we had a eurodisney holiday booked for me, my husband and 3 year old. it was cancelled due to weather. we were booked with this so called company. when we called they said we would get a refund within 5   10 days... never got it, called again and once again told the same and suprise suprise they still have not refunded us and are now not answering their phones or replying to emails, we are now out of pocket of 110 euros. Please do not use this pathetic so called company.We spent the 20 Dec 2010 in the Disney park and by lunchtime attractions were starting to close or break down. Getting about the park was ridiculous as the snow was turning to freezing slush and people with strollers were experiencing extreme difficulties. As parades and attractions were declining we left the park in early evening to find the hotel buses were suspended and we had to walk to our hotel   Sequoia Lodge. The next morning the snow outside the hotel was compacted and though slippery was suitable for walking on and reasonable dry. We walked to MGM studios and easily got in an into the first building which was populated with shops and food outlets. As we entered the park proper we found a sea of slush and many attractions closed. The open air Magic Carpet ride was open but it was left to the riders to clear the deep snow from the seats. People headed for the indoor attractions to find that under cover marshalling areas were closed on the pretext of dangerous snow levels on roofs and people were being advised to return later. The Aerosmith Roller Coaster became almost impossible to get onto. Fast pass booths were closed presunably because of weather damage. Animagiqe and Cinemagique were two indoor shows that were closed which upset hordes of people who were hoping for a half hour or more respite from the cold and wet. The only things that appeared to be functioning were where money could be taken. Shops and restaurants. These places became almost claustrphobically overpopulated. Snow ploughs were attempting to clear parade routes but were only succeeding in making pedestrian areas even more treacherous. By lunchtime we had enjoyed only 4 hot chocolates each and one ride for with our grand children so we gave up and retried the Disney park. Things were a little better but only for the mainly indoor attractions. Again there were lengthy delays as staff were not letting queues from getting too large by limiting those being let into the undercover walkways. It was impractical to queue outside of marshalling areas because of the large crowds wandering aimlessly. A slight easing of the weather enabled two of the parades to operate but the main wish of our grandkids to see princesses was not achieved. In the end we booked an expensive character dinner just to enable them to meet Mickey, Minnie and some of the animal characters. Instead of any magic we saw confusion and raw commercialism at its worst . Our 8th visit in 9 years was a total disaster and will never pay for a winter visit again.Our visit to the Euro Disney was not as expected.It were too many people in the park. The wait for the attractions were 1 to 2 hours. Fast pass is simply unfair. Long distances make it quite impossible to calculate the time ... The children of 7 and 11 was DISAPPOINTED and day 2 we went around and just looked at the queues in the Walt Disney Studio. Finally we went back to the hotel. It was not what we had paid lot of money for.It was very disappointing. There should be something done to improve conditions for visitors! Regards 4 disappointed people from Norway on a visit to Euro DisneyWent to Disneyland Park today. Was generally a good day but ended very badly after an unfortunate incident with a staff member named Nathalie at the Storybook Store. Whilst waiting in line, a fellow customer attempted to push in line and get served first. When it was our turn and Nathalie called the next customer, we approached the counter with our items only to be refused service and told that she would not serve us until after she had served the pushy woman who had arrived to the queue after us. As this was completely unjust, we promptly dropped our items and left. There was absolutely no basis for refusing to serve us next, as was our correct place in line. The only difference was that we (being Australian) were speaking English and the other customer spoke French. I can honestly not suggest any other reason why she would discriminate between the other customer and myself other than on the basis of culture. She made us feel humiliated in front of all the other customers. The LA Disneyland is much better, cheaper and friendlier.June 2010I'll be honest from the off, this isn't normally my cup of tea but with a five and six year old on a French holiday we bit the bullet and took them to Disneyland expecting the magic to materialise   it died after 10 minutes of stepping into the place.Fortunately we'd bought our tickets at the campsite we were stayng at as the queues were ridiculously long just to get in. That aside, we still had to queue to get our baggage checked and then queue at every ride. This day cost us over   200 for a family of four and we got on about five rides, each lasting less than 2 minutes. I've had better value for money at the travelling fairground that comes once a year to our local park. Judging by the car park, I'd say the place was only half full but the crowds were horrendous   you could hardly walk about.The Disney shops were full of over priced tat, tons of it. There was absolutely nothing that you'd have wanted to buy. My kids had been given   5 to spend by a neighbour and they struggled to fnd anything that cheap. In the end they got a small sweetie dispenser each. The part we were in was more just glorified play area, what few rides there were were just basic rubbish you had to queue for a minimum of 30 minutes each time. We eventually left at 5pm and even the kids were glad. For such young kids their patience was remarkable but they really were not bowled over at all. When I ask them about their favourite part of the holiday to France it was the swimming pool at the camp site, swimming in the river and the funny tunnels at the war bit (Somme Museum).A total rip off. Disney is just a money churning brand now   no magic left.we just returned from our weekend at the Euro Disney Resort in Paris and we still are in shock about our experience there. We are great Disney fans and have traveled to parks worldwide and have already spent various vacations at the Resorts in Orlando and Anaheim. We have been very much excited to return to Paris, after been there in the opening week some years ago and the only thing we got in return was disappointment.We could not believe what was called Disney Village. We have never seen such a run down place before! It started with holes and giant cracks in the concrete everywhere, faded building facades, nothing to do for Kids, not even a playground was accessible. Entertainment was a not existent, even though they had announced a rock and roll party with car shows that day. Besides the Disney shops, little electric race cars which were not operated, a Balloon ride inside the resort lake for an additional 15 Euros per Person was available. We looked at some cars displayed and at 6pm a couple of kids started dancing on a little stage. To our disappointment, that was the entire party! We decided to have dinner at the rainforest cafe. No reservation required that evening so we got great seat but were also disappointed by the bad quality of food and the high prices. (For a starter plate and a fish course we paid 60 euros!) On our way out to the car we were held up by Souvenir sellers, trying to make us buy cheap metal Eifel towers. Next Morning we came back to enjoy the parks. We arrived there shortly before 10 am and the line in front of the security gates were so long, we decided to enter through the Walt Disney Studios. After a 20 minute wait and a baggage check that did not really include looking through bags, we were able to proceed through the ticket entrance into the Studio Park. The first ride we were heading to was the Crusher  s coaster. We arrived there at 10 Minutes after ten and were confronted with an 80 Minute wait. We thought this is because this attraction in new so we walked in to the RC Racer roller coaster. The line there appeared to be shorter so we got in. Right behind us a family was waiting and their child that got sick while standing in line. It took quite a while and lots of yelling until they got some help from the personnel working on this ride and were let out of the queue. The coaster was stopped during that episode because one of the operators had to assist the family. After a one Minute ride we attended a stunt show which was nice and around 11.30 we wondered back to the Disney Park  this was after we decided to proceed since the waiting time for all rides in the Studio Park were between 70 and 80 minutes, the Tower of terror had been closed due to technical problems and the crowd was getting exceptionally high. We entered the Disneyland Park and were literally shoved through Main Street. We were not able to walk freely so many people had been let in. We thought it was because it was lunch time and everybody had returned to main street  but we were proven wrong. Waiting time Big Thunder Mountain, was again 80 Minutes   and with fast pass option they asked you to return at 6.45 pm!!!. To make a long story short, after a lousy lunch, not being able to walk freely in the park due to the monstrous mount of people and incredible waiting times at every attraction (there was even an hour waiting time to hop onto the park train! Peter Pans Flight, had a waiting time over 120 minutes or, with fast pass, return at 9.30 pm   and it was noontime and so forth) we decided to go back to our hotel and to return in the evening when things were slowing down. We came back at 5 pm and encountered the same run of people, so we returned again at 7.30 pm. Discovery land was still overcrowded with waiting times at the attractions still over 80 minutes. So we went to see the Pirates of the Caribbean waiting time here, an acceptable 40 Minutes and it had just turned 8 pm. After a fun ride, we wanted to hop on to the Indianer Jones roller coaster, but with our arrival were informed that the ride had already been closed. After us asking why they close down the rides before they close down the Park at 10pm, the gentleman replied that he just does what he is told to and we should read the sings  and yes, there were signs that some attractions close before the park closes. Bad luck for us. We had payed full price ticket and all we got was a roller coaster ride, a stunt show, a unejoyable expensive lunch, a long afternoon at the hotel, 2 bus rides to return to the park and in the end a Pirates Ride and lot and lot and lots of people! One more thing we would like to mention at this point, the lighting at night was disastrous! All light came from little decoration lanterns but no lights in bushes, stairs or stronger street lights  I  m in my mid 30ies and I was not able to see the steps I had to go down properly! I can  t imagine what would have happened if your child would have run off or if it had gotten lost.  What really lifted this experience to something even more indescribable was the fact that we visited the Parks on September 11th and at this memorable date we had somehow expected a more elaborated precaution and security concept. We still cannot understand why so many people had been let in and if something would have happened we do not know how help could have been able to reach us. Thanks to this experience we did not return to the parks the next day, and will probably not return to Disney again. The sad thing, we met many other families also stating how disappointed they were and how their kids hated the Parks. We still don  t want to believe how disappointing this trip was, what a tourist trap Euro Disney is and how disrespectful we were treated!It is ridiculus to wait 30 minutes on the queu and ride for just 1 minute. Would not prefer to come again. Tivoli is much better and nicer place to be. Recommended for people enjoying waiting. UtkuSteer clear of this overpriced overated dump.Just returned (31 08 2010)from our 3 day trip.Stayed at the Santa fe and aquired an upset stomach from there food and insomnia from there very pokey rooms that offer the comfort of a world war 2 bunker.The place itself is an absolute dump in need of an upgrade.There is nothing for the kids to do what so ever unless you count the over priced games room.The one tv channel they had in english never worked.Tried to get on the shuttle only to be crushed in the mad stampede when it eventually stops so decided to walk.The park itself has no idea what time it is meant to stay open so they make it up as the go along........one day its 11pm and the next its 7pm.Shows are cancelled without notice and if you can get on an attraction its an absolute miracle.Rides constantly break down and the queues just get longer and longer and you just get so frustrated you decide to leave the park.OH AND THE REALLY GOOD BIT YOU NEED TO KNOW IS THAT IF YOU HAVE CHILDREN UNDER 7 YEARS OF AGE THERE IS NOTHING THEY CAN GO ON SO DONT BRING THEM......P.s. if you want to eat there then expect to pay 20 euros (about   17)per person minimum at any restaurant and also the same for a soft toy.Having just returned form our 10th visit to Disneyland Paris I regret to say that it feels like the Magic has finaly died. The Park itself could be a wonderful place, as it used to be, but it is now a run down shabby and poorly managed reflection of its former self. Our 6 day visit with a young child was beset by many problems which are summarised here. 1. People were smoking everywhere in the park except in the rides themselves. Although the restaurant areas are supposed to be non smoking, people were smoking in the seated areas around every restaurant we visited and around all the walkways and playgrounds. We never once witnessed any staff do anything about it. Are the Disneyland Paris Management unaware of the hazards of cigarette smoke or Disney's no smoking policy or do they simply not care? 2. The park is in a very poor state of repair with numerous holes and trip hazards in the walkways, bits of rides and decor missing or broken, rides breaking down and toilets in a disgraceful state with many blocked causing long waiting times. The riverboat was taken out of service while we were there and we had to wait 45 minutes while the Pirate ride was fixed after breaking down. Most of the rifles in the shooting gallery (costing 2 euros a go) had sights missing. Numerous faults and breakages in and around the haunted house. The pirate ship is presumably in such a state of disrepair that people are no longer allowed on it. The high rope bridge was covered in scaffolding. 3. There are now no shows on at the Chaparral Theatre, Fantasyland Stage and Castle stage and the only show on in the Hyperion is the African drummers who used to play outside of the Hakuna Matata restaurant. 4. Queue management now seems to be done to make it easy for the staff rather than fair for the visitors. We were at the front of the queue for attractions several times only to find ourselves not admitted first or directed to the back of the ride. 5. Opening times at some of the better value restaurants have been reduced and now close early in the evening. Most of the restaurants do not display their opening times so you can walk across the park for a meal only to find your chosen restaurant closed.My fourteen year old daughter and I recently spent one of our six days in Paris at Disneyland. What a waste of a day. I guess we assumed that Disneyland Paris would offer an experience similar to what we have enjoyed a half dozen times in Orlando. Boy, were we wrong.First, we arrived from Paris by train right at opening time only to discover that there were just two people conducting security checks for all the people exiting the RER station. Seems to me that Disney customer service should be able to figure out that they might need more staff at busy times. So this was that start to our day: a thirty minute wait to have someone check my backpack.The staff that IS working at Disneyland Paris obviously does not benefit from the same training that their colleagues in America do. They were ornery, disheveled, inattentive, and     quite honestly   most appeared to be a bit daft. On several occasions, they even left their posts. Once while we were boarding    Rockin    Rollercoaster    and twice on    Space Mountain   , we were left to make our way to the trains and load ourselves in. This happened over and over so, consequently, we saw time and time again the rides leave the station with empty seats. More serious, perhaps, was that fact that on one of our turns on    Space Mountain   , no one ever checked to see if our harnesses were fastened. A major safety breech, I would imagine.The park itself was very    tired    looking, dirty, and in need of repair. The plaza in front of Disney Studios has holes in it where the concrete has worn away, buildings and rides need either a good scrubbing or a coat of paint, and the bathrooms were disgusting. I   ve always been so impressed with the attention to detail in Orlando. No such attention to detail is evident in Paris.And then there   s the smoke. Dear French People, have you not heard of lung cancer? You NEED to STOP smoking! And Dear Disneyland Paris, if you   re going to advertise the park as    Smoke Free   , it had better be. And if you   re going to have rules against smoking in line, you need to enforce them. The smoke was awful.On the up side,    Space Mountain    is (in my opinion) far better than the ride in Orlando.    Rockin    Rollercoaster    is just as good, although they don   t use the same recording studio setup for the ride, and    Tower of Terror    was fine.The one word I would use to describe our day at Disneyland Paris is disappointing. We were looking forward to enjoying a day like we have so many times at Walt Disney World and it just didn   t happen. If it tells you anything, I spent part of my day today looking for the address where I can write Disney CEO Robert Iger. The opening part of the letter to him will read:   Dear Mr. Iger, When was the last time you visited Disneyland Paris? From what I can tell, I   m pretty sure it has been a while. And I   m certain that when you do, you   ll be appalled.   Spent 2 days here with our children, 7 & 8. This park is HORRIBLE. First of all, the park allows guests to smoke virtually anywhere. One smoking area was designated RIGHT OUTSIDE A CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND!!!! Not that it matters    no one seems to pay attention to the no smoking signs. Probably because no employees back this up. Which is the 2nd of all    employees are VERY hard to find in this park. Except where they are loading or unloading a line. Here, they are very friendly. But sssssllllllooooowwww    which is the 3rd of all. I don't know if it's the culture or just laziness, but employees seemed a little lost on loading and unloading. On a good note, just about every employee spoke some English. The biggest disappointment came when Toy Story 3 Playland wasn't open yet    when it had been advertised as being open in the US.  Invited guests  only. Tell that to a 7 year old who had spent the last month dreaming of seeing it. Guest relations was a joke and outright lied to us    swore there were no people in that closed area when you could see them with your own eyes. I would not recommend this park to ANYONE if they can get to or have been to DisneyWorld Fl.Disneyland Paris is a dump. During the initiation rite (you can't join the gang without showing ability to tolerate long waits while suffering the noise and manners of the rudest people in the world) I jokingly said at the gate,  This won't be a patch on Gullivers World, Warrington. How we laughed, five hours later as my words turned out to be true. Desperate to find something for my children to enjoy, I cried,  OK so there's hardly any rides, and those we can go on have a one hour wait with fast pass, but look, let's go into Mickeys Emporium. Stupidly imaginging it was Mickey's house, how amused I was to discover it was ANOTHER SHOP!!!!!! I can't find the words, I can only say DON'T GO!!A review below hits the nail squarly on the head. If your children are less than 1.4metres there is in fact little to do. Teacups, a car ride and a (Broken) carousel On all of these rides adults were pushing in front of children to get on!!!! If they are 1.2 meters they can get on the runaway train ride.The queues are ridiculous throughout and the 'attractions' are very widely spaced in order to give you the opportunity to pass (literally) hundreds of shops selling the same things. To be fair, the security warned us when we joined the 40 minute queue to get the bags searched  Keep smiling because you'll be queing all day . He was not wrong.The park was busy (as I expected) but I was astounded by the number of adults without kids in a theme park aimed at children. I was even more astounded when they were scrabbling to get on childrens rides and queue jumping past said children. Whether the Disney 'magic' prevents people observing civilised norms of behaviour i don't know. The adults pushing past children was not just limited to the rides, or the laughable attractions (For a laugh you have to see Pocahontus' garden, a couple of slides and seats   'weather permitting'!!!)Food is appalling. Pizza   7 Euro for kids and maybe three inches across. Thre are Panini's etc, but again very expensive (I think around12.50 euro) and again massive queues.This was the only place I have every been where there were people queue jumping to get out.We were just in Disneyland Paris on a Monday in August. The whole experience was a disappointment from beginning to end. To get into the park took at least 45 minutes, in three very disorganized queues first to go through security, then to get tickets, then to get into the park. The main problem with Disney is that it's far too crowded, at least in the summer. The park is much smaller that its Florida counterpart, so with so many people milling about it's hard just to maneuver the walkways. Obscenely long lines. And nearly every line had a line jumper! Park not as clean as in Florida, and the staff certainly not as friendly. Just before 6:00 p.m. my husband waited in line for fish and chips at Toad Hall restaurant. When he arrived at the counter, at 5:58, the manager literally closed the door in his face and said,  We're closed.  He was the last one in line and they could have easily closed the door after serving him. We had a crappy sandwich for dinner someplace else instead. Now the the good: the rides were all fun, especially It's a small World, the Fairy Tale boat ride, Pirates of the Caribbean. And the parade at 7:15 was great. But nearly all lines were 30 minutes or more; we averaged only one ride per hour. However, although I did not enjoy the day, my kids definitely did. They have good memories, so it wasn't a complete waste. I'll never go back to DPL. Stick to Disney in Florida or other locales.Having jsut come back from DLP I was amazed that the scores of reviews I read on the web never told you what you really need to know if going to DLP with you children. We went over a weekend in early August, 2010, two adults and two children (3 and 5).Never go in the sumnmer hols and especiallly never at a weekend. The park is mobbed. They let in 10 times more people than the park can handle. We went on 3 rides in 2 days!!! The queues were that bad.Be aware that there is absolutely nothing there for toddlers. The crucial height restrictions are 1.2m and 1.4m. There really is nothing there for toddlers, a couple of pathetic rides (teacups!)for those up to 1m, a couple more pretty pathetic things for those above 1.2m but to get on 90% of the rides you have to be over 1.40m. Consequently, a visit is pointless with children under 1.40m (ie below about 7 years old).It is expensive, but that's no surprise.The park is massive but there is very little in it. Expect to walk for miles for very little return. Actual rides and attractions probably take up less than 2% of the entire surface area of the park. Disney's plan has cklearly been to fit as many people as possible into the park without any concern that there is nothing for the crowds to do once inside.The queues are truly horrendous. Expect to queue for between 1   2 hours for every ride. I had read this before I went and had assumed that the queus would be for the big thrill rides bit no one would queue for the sorts of things my 3 and 5 year old would want to go on. I was very wrong. As there is nothing for the young, the teacups and the carousel, the sort of basic rides you would find at any town fair in the UK, had queues of up to 2 hours!!! With hot, bored, tired children the scenes were horrendous. I canlt believe people put themselves through this and that no one onTrip Advisor or anyone else points out these horrors out.We were satying at the Sante Fe Hotel, which was very basic (just an accomodation block), but functional enough. We had tickets for 3 days but only stayed for 2 days as the experience was so awful. You simply can't have fun in those crowds, that heat, that much walking and so much queing for so little. For example, we queued for 1 hour to go on the carpets over Agra ride, a grand name for a simple toddlers fairground ride. I timed the ride. It lasted 1 minute 20 seconds. We had qeued for an hour!Make sure you bring a pushchair, you will need it. You can rent shopping trolley like pushchairs at the park for 9 euros per day but make sure you keep a hold of your receipt because people will nick your pushchair when it's parked! If you have your receipt you can at least go back and complain and get given another one (we had our pushchair nicked twice in 2 days!)Re food and drink, it's all junk food and coke. It is not possible to buy milk anywhere inside, outside or within miles of the park! If you do find some, it will be UHT milk.Bizarrely enough, children make up about 5% of the vistors to the park! The vast majority of visitors are adults from across Europe and lots of couples in theire 20's and 30's. Whether they were simple before they arrived , I don't know, but once there they seem to forget the normal structure and behaviour of adults in society. They visit all the rides. Whilst standing in line for small, basic funfair rides like the teacups and a carousel, suitable for those up to 5, I was amazed that 80% of the queue was made up of adults without children or adults with teenagers... to go on toddlers rides!!!!!!!!! This bizarre behaviour is repeated across the park.But queing is the name of the game there. You queue for everything, for hours. Before the parades start, people start queuubng and sitting down about 1 hour before! The park is not designed to enable you to see anything. Imagine a nor mal falt street with a parade on it, unless you are kerbside, you see nothing.The fantilusion parade is quite nice to watch but it starts at 10.30pm, ideal for toddlers   NOT! it lasts 30 minutes, then there ios a load of faffinf around and then the fireworks start at about 11.10pm. The fireworks are lovely, but what child can stay awake until that time. Our children are always up late, but with the heat, drudgery and qeueuing they were fast asleep and had been begging to be taken home hours before..All in all, I would strongly advise that you don't go to DLP. It's all hype. The actual experieince is tortorous at worst and deeply disappointing at best. There is absolutely nothing there for children under 1.40m, even if there were no queues and the park was empty, there still wouldn't be anything for young children to do. The three toddlers rides they have are teacups, a carousel and one other standard fairground ride. However, Disney have placed these rides in hard landscaping, given them a fancy name and tried to build some hype sround what are in fact utterly bog standard funfair rides that you will see in aat any county town fair in the UK, and whihc you can ride for 2 quid without qeueing.My children were so excited about going but when we got there, they were the first to want to leave. We had tickets for 3 days but left after 2 days deeply disappointed. In fact mad, because we then went on to Burgundy for the rest of our 7 day holiday. It was amazing, the beuaty and interet of the unspoilt hsitoric environment was incredible and served only to remind us how we had wasted 2 days of our lives at DLP.All in all, if you are simple, and an adult and like queuing, you may enjoy yourself.If you want your children to have fun, then take them to funfair in the UK and spoil them for a couple of hours. They will have much more fun and you will save hundreds of pounds. But whatever you do, don't believe the hype about DLP, it's all garbage. Incredibly, the place is utterly unsuited to children of pre teen age.We were all so excited about going to disneyland, especially my 8 year old son. What a disappointment, firstly the place is so crowded, then it is full of food outlets and souvenir shops, if they concentrated as much on the rides and entertainment as they have on the shops it might be something worth visiting. Then there is the issue of height restrictions, if you are under 140cm you can't go on certain rides, but you still pay the same price as those who are 140cm and above. I fortunately bought our tickets from the train station which cost me 45 euro per person, which adds up to alot for a family of 5. Luckily we took food with us, but if we were to eat there, you could not get a decent meal for less than 10 euro per person, as it was on the way home we paid 6 euro for a crappy tasting hot dog in a squished roll.Worst thing of all is the long queues waiting for the rides, my kids waited 50 mins for a 2 mins ride, in all we were there from 11am till 8pm and between my three children they got to go on 6 rides.As for any other entertainment, there really isn't much and if you happen to see any characters in the streets, good luck even getting close, let along getting a photo with them.We are from Australia and if you have been to the theme parks at the Gold Coast you would know that disneyland does not even come close to the quality, value for money and entertainment.SERIOUSLY DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME, A DAY IN PARIS IS MORE WORTH ITI paid in advance for return transport from CDG airport to the hotel at Eurodisney   waited 1 1 2 hours, they hung up on the phone, eventually had to pay another taxi to take us.They promised a refund   never saw it and they hang up the phone when contacted.North Sud Transport, also go by name of Trans Network and Navette Airoport. Dont touch them.Eurodisney was great for our 4 year old, Magic Castle Hotel was good, this was the only problem.I recently went to Disney World in Florida for the third time (for my Birthday), and had the most amazing time. I couldn't have imagined a better trip when I left home. This summer (2010), I went to Paris, and didn't PLAN on going to Disneyland Paris, but had a free day, and thought it would be fun. WRONG!It was atrocious! First off, the park has much fewer attractions than in WDW or Disneyland, CA. But that wasn't the bad part. The bad part was atmosphere. It was DIRTY, and most of the fixtures and buildings were in disrepair!For anyone who has been in a US Disney Park, you know that Disney is spotless and amazing. Customer service is their number one goal, and they do an excellent job at it. Well, not here! The park is is total disgrace to the Disney name! And the cast members were unfriendly, and did not go out of their way to make your day magical in the way they do at home.The icing on the cake is that even though smoking is  not permitted  in the park (except for in designated smoking areas, the same as in WDW), people walk around smoking everywhere. In fact, it's hard to find a place to stand where you do NOT smell smoke. It's vile. I asked a cast member why they don't enforce this rule (as they do in WDW), and was told,  If you ask someone to stop smoking, they may punch you.  Nice. So I guess I have to suffer because the staff is afraid of being accosted by cigarette addicted lunatics.Just got back from a 3 night break with the family having taken our granddaughter for her fourth birthday. Lovely weather but that's about the only positive thing to report. We have been to Orlando several times and the original Disneyland in California but this one is a very poor offering in comparison. As other people have reported the parks are small and very crowded even at this time of year with waits of up to 100 minutes for some rides. Even the smaller rides were crazy. Having queued for an hour with a four year old for a three minute ride on the Dumbo roundabout you have to question the Disney 'magic'.However all this pales into insignificance when you consider (as many other reviewers have mentioned) the people. I have never been in such a rude, offensive ignorant crowd of people in my life   nor will again, given the choice. I won't stereotype and I am sure that there are some delightfully cultured, polite French people, but they certainly weren't in Disneyland Paris. We were shoved, jostled, barged out of the way as the locals pushed their way through. Not a word of apology   at best a hostile glare for having the temerity to be in their way. And not just the younger people. The charming disregard for any manners at all was embraced by all generations equally. The only apologies I heard in the parks were either in English or German  is there actually a word for 'sorry' or 'excuse me' in French? One has to wonder.And its not just the ignorant visitors that let the place down; the staff are a sorry bunch too. OK I accept that most of them are on minimum wages and probably have to work long hours but do they have to appear so miserable? Yes they were polite and many of them had considerable language skills but. with a few exceptions, there was no excitement or enthusiasm. They may just as well have been working in a supermarket. Those of you who have been to the American parks will know what I mean. There the 'cast' members really make an effort to embody and radiate the fun and excitement of the place and all of the ride crews interract with the visitors with a ready smile or some silly remarks or acting and it makes the whole experience something special. Here they don't bother   you're just a body to be moved onto or off of a ride like so many cattle. Great!We stayed at the Sequoia Lodge which was OK. The rooms were American in style with two big beds and a decent bathroom and it was clean. Unfortunately the attention to detail was poor with light bulbs missing, air conditioning which didn't work and, in our room, a bottle of pop left by the previous occupants behind the curtains and missed by the cleaners which started to fizz at 3 in the morning. Not so good.We ate in the hotel buffet the first night which was great   if you like bland luke warm overpriced food and surly staff. The total bill was in excess of 150 Euros for 4 adults and a child which I felt was outrageous as could have eaten twice as well for half the price in any restaurant chain in the UK.So good points....not many. Bad points.....Hmmm. Would I recommend it? Wholeheartedly   to anybody I really didn't like!I spent 4 days 3 nights here. It was awful, complete rip off. Don't go if you can help it.All shops are the same, lovely beautiful buildings and houses but nothingness in side. If you like the same merchandise being thrown at you in every building that resembles a house, then fair enough. Why couldnt they have Mickey and Donald having tea or doing a stooges act of some kind? Just shops shops shops. Overpriced crystal Mickeys etc too much branding, not enough fun.Freezing weather in February (biting cold), which is natural, but yet only food on the stands were coke and popcorn...where's the hot food? Tea, coffee? Jacket potatoes? I was in awe of their lack of common sense, the person running it is lacking something in their head. Plenty of clothes shops open. Plenty of Mickeys charging money for photos. The magic disappears as quick as your euros do.Every restaurant is like walking into McDonalds... awful. Food tastes horrible and there is little choice but burgers and hotdogs. The rides are seriously out of date, I'm 31, but my last visit was when I was 14yrs old, it was exactly the same. There is an extra park, but it reminded me of an industrial estate. The space simulator ride broke down halfway (after 45 minutes waiting in the cold), we got a brief apology by confused staff and led out the back door. Probably just as well because it had been boring as hell up to that moment.Most of the staff looked bored out of their head and it was like being in a gypsy fairground. The restaurants are quite obviously not large enough to cope with the number of tickets they sell, as you have to reserve. Staff sit everywhere with their hand gestures telling you not to do this, not to do that, don't sit here, get off the road, stop here, really started getting on my nerves after 2 days.Repetitive parades with annoying music (after 4 days you'll feel like throwing your coke at Mickey Mouse). The rides will have you waiting for an hour, but will last 3 minutes. We had a couple of good moments, the Rock n Roller coaster was good, the Little Mermaid show my 2 yr old loved, and the Cars ride. Thats all I can muster with positivity about the place. I was left looking at the hole in my bank account and feeling conned.Rip off!! Rude people. What a PLAVA. Save a bit more and visit real one in USA. I ve never seen that many rude, ignorant and selfish people all together. Specially a few days in Paris, NEVER AGAIN. That was our worse holiday ever. I havent got any single nice things to say about Paris, Disney and People. If you still go ahead and visit Disney, make sure they tell you which attractions are not working before you book your trip. When we got there we find out that a few of their main attractions are not working,and rest of them are not very good anyway. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!We were so looking forward to taking our family to Disney Paris. We have a 2 year old and a 4 year old. I am so disappointed, as was my husband. Please think twice before you make a decision to go here.Amongst everything else, if you are British now is a very bad time to be going over there, because of the    against the Euro. Once you get there, you are trapped. There is no local supermarket to stock up on soft drinks or snacks. There is nothing but Disney and it's merchandise for miles around. The whole thing is a very clever, expensive, well oiled machine. You HAVE to eat and drink there, and boy, do they nail you on prices. The food is ALL burgers, chips and pizza. Not bad for an odd day but any longer and feel like the man who made the film 'Supersize me'. Even the vile fast food is so disgusting. I was shocked as I thought the French even did fast food well. Not the case. For a simple cheeseburger, no drink or fries you are talking about   7. For 4 of you, even very little children who eat hardly anything, to eat in Rainforest Cafe, you are talking   80. Easily. My 2 year old has come home with 'French Belly'. It was dirty. You don't expect that in a Disney Resort anywhere. A nice reminder for the long trip home.  We stayed at the Hotel New York, not actually a bad hotel. But even their room service food was similar, with little choice. A tiny, burnt pizza here cost   20 to be delivered to your room. Because it is a Disney Hotel, British families, I am ashamed to say, were letting their kids run wild. They were screaming and running up and down the corridors at midnight and the same from 6.00 am. I felt like I was in Disney Hell.If you want to see the Disney Characters, which is what sets Disney about from other theme parks, you will have to get in line. And wait. It's as if they are rationed to the public, unlike the US versions (why??? Isn't this their USP?). Your kids will either have to queue up, for half an hour to meet them and have a picture taken, or you will have to fight with hundreds of French and Italian people, to get near them. It was awful. Grown adults were shoving little kids out of the way or trampling on them. I saw a British woman in tears with her baby in tears, and another British couple ending up in a row with a horrible Italian woman, who knocked their little girl for six. It was that bad. Not quite the magic I expected. My own daughter wept because she couldn't get near anyone. So disappointing.We were told to go mid week. Which honestly wasn't much better, than the Sunday when we arrived . If you like queuing for 45 mins per kiddie ride, be my guest. This is the place for you.Some of the areas needed a lick of paint. The staff around Disney, I have to say, were pretty nice. You'd expect that for 2 adults paying   70 per day. The French that are there, are in the main, so rude, queue jumping pushing and shoving their way to the front, it will make you wish you had stayed at home.We asked my 4 year old daughter what her favourite part of the trip was. She very innocently said,'swimming in the hotel pool with Daddy'. That tells you everything you need to know. I think that Disney in Florida would be a much better choice if you could afford it. But please, save yourself time and money and a lot of stress and don't bother with the Paris one. I wouldn't set foot in that place in a million years.We had a great time midweek untill Friday my 3 year old daughter was stood with mum waiting for woody in the woodys roundup and was pushed and knocked down to the floor by french grown ups.When we asked the Disney guide with woody he said it was not his job, we even spoke to the compliants dept on site that day and they seemed to not want to know, shame we had done Disneyland Florida last year very good ropes are out to keep the grown ups back and que for the disney gang, Paris do not do this and is very disorganised as we and others found out, but i will end with the Hotel on site is very good and the staff very helpful, if only Disney sent the Paris staff to see and train with the U.S gang would this help, and Paris SMOKE in the park unlike the U.S ??.I totally agree with Charlie1uk. We know the value of the pound is bad at the moment, but I object to have to pay at least DOUBLE just to be in Disney. What a complete RIP OFF! They have you there and they know it!POSITIVES: The kids enjoyed it   they would would'nt they! The charachters on the whole were very good. The pre booked dinners with the Characters were good especially Cafe Mickey, and the Prince Princesses at lunchtime (both pre booked as a package). Hotel OK  The Sequoia  rooms OK fairly comfortable, descent beds. Warm and air con good!NEGATIVES: Disneyland is a Massive Rip off! Everything you buy is over double the cost of in England and I thought that was bad enough!   70 to park at Ashford for 4nights 5days! Train station at Disneyland freezing and some staff are ignorant! Don't go in March as its just an icy cold concrete metal jungle! Freezing freezing cold! Have to pay for some public toilets! Fast food which we had to wait for for ages was cold, basic crap and double or more the cost of back home! Rather starve during the day than eat some of the cold nasty stuff they serve you up at the fast food outlets! We were late checking in and some staff seemed please they could  tell us off for being late ! and when you look around smiling at each other looking totally smug! Ignorant some of them! especially when your rushing with 3 kids and suitcases!! Sequoia Pool is terrible, freezing (thats the indoor pool) dangerous steps, dirty Jacuzzi with too many people and kids in   one unhygienic mess! and the staff just ignore you in general. Safety aspect terrible! The changing rooms are very small compared to the size of the place   just terrible. Looks good in the brochure : dont be fooled! Probably more negative stuff if I had the time. Hopefully my kids and grand kids won't temp me into going again just to see their smily happy faces when they meet the Characters! Hopefully someone might read this who will look into the rip off side of most things!Our family, my wife and three children visited over New Year . It was our second visit, the first 8 years ago which was poor but either we had memoried like goldfish or hoped that it was a one off bad experience. It was not!There was one redeeming feature, the New Year dinner in our hotel was wonderful although very expensive. Other than that it was atrocious. The concierge was a joke, rude and unhelpful, my wife who was in a wheel chair was treated like a pariah, the attraction and in particular the rationed tickets for wheelchair users meant that a 30 minute queue for the public was a three hour queue for her because of the wheelchair. People rude, food poor, so poor that two of our family were sick after eating a    150 meal of disgusting filth in the pirates of the caribbean themed restaurant. Even the waiter sympathised, he was embarrassed.We have visited Disney Fl which is fantastic, this is as poor as it gets folks, don't bother, pay the airfare and go to FLWe are so, so disappointed. Before we left my husband and I were more excited about going than the children. We had such high hopes of having a fantastic 5 day trip there and had decided to go in December to add to the magic. Almost immediately our enthusiasm waned. We arrived at St Pancras to board the Eurostar and had expected some kind of friendly welcome but this wasn't to be. The only way we knew where we were boarding was by watching the monitors and by asking other passengers. My children helped themselves to the so called Disney Welcome Packs from the unmanned service desk. When we arrived at Marne Le Vallee, we headed straight to the Park while our luggage was sent directly to our hotel and had a nice afternoon looking round and watching the parades which I must admit were incredible. After a long day we waited 25 minutes for a bus to our hotel when we had been informed they ran every ten minutes. We finally arrived at the Hotel Santa Fe, why Disney would put their name to such a hovel I cant imagine.  Saturday and Sunday were absolutely awful, I expeced it to be very busy but I found the locals to be very rude and pushy. They dont seem to be able to grasp the concept of queuing like the rest of us. The Disneyland staff were at best civil and at worst completely arrogant, they would make short, sharp comments whether we were ordering in a restaurant or shopping in one of the stores, the only time I had a nice experience was in City Hall when a lovely member of staff went out of her way to find a screwdriver for me so I could put batteries in my son's camera, to her I am extremely grateful. We met another family there and they were as relieved to get on the train home as we were. Shame on you Disney :   (Picture this...Buy tickets 110 minutes!Get yourself a 'Fastlane ticket': 40 minutes each!Space mountain, Starwars, Peter Pan, Small World etc.: Waiting lines vary from 60 minutes till 110 minutes!Get some food: 70 Minutes. after that no seats available!Fastlaneline: 40 minutes! Gecause this fastane line our other fastlane ticket was no longer valid!After one day we have only been in the Star Wars attraction. That was nice but it is also completly stupid to hear al this well known disney caracters speak French. Do yourself and your kids a favour and skip this parc. If Walt Disney was still alive he would wish he was dead when he lays his eyes on the French version of his dream.We just finished a day at Disney. They said there were 50,000 visitors today 12 28. We waited one hour to buy the ticket to get in, then realized that all Fast Past tickets were gone (by 2pm) so they only option was to wait in line. The lines for all popular rides were all 110 minutes. By the end of the day, we had done 2 rides. Not a great return on investment. On peak days like today, they should advise you that lines are extremely long and you may at best get to go to two rides. Even the tame dumbo ride was 75 minutes. Go some where else in Paris, if you have a c hoice. The crowds are horible and there simply is not enough staff.I know that I should not compare this park to the service and quality in the United States, but I must say that Disneyland Paris should invest in training their cast members to reflect the spirit and magic that Walt Disney would have imagined. Our family of four went to Disneyland Paris in November when there were no crowds due to the wet and cold weather. We had a nice experience eating lunch at the Auberge Cendrillon with the characters (it was 55 euros per person)   the food was great and the princesses were very attentive to the guests. On the other hand, wandering through the empty park, not a single cast member greeted us or even tried to smile. They all look miserable working there. The biggest disappointment?? An extremely rude cashier at the Aladdin boutique yelled at me for not being able to speak French (I asked him a question in English) and then he threatened to call security over a plastic bag (I asked for a bag because it was raining and I insisted on having a bag to put the pictures of Cinderella which came with no envelope, compliments of the restaurant, since it was raining). It was the worst experience at any Disney Park (I have been to Florida and I live in California). I have never been yelled at by a Disney employee. I will never go back and pay that type of money to be abused by their so called cast members. Disneyland Paris should realize that part of the magic of Disney is the attitude of the cast members.I will start with the same old statement that this was a wonderful fantasy trip of excitement splendour in a childish world of dreams and wishes sprinkled with fairy dust. Now that   s out of the way the truth of the matter is it is the biggest child manipulation for the purpose of adult extortion I have ever seen     The whole setup is geared to getting children to have a major I want fit at every corner throwing in the fact that a captive audience has no choice but pay through the nose,The good parts are few and far between but let me try to highlight them.1     That done now the bad points     food which is a no choice requirement will cost you   6 for a hot dog with tinned sausage or there is the toffee apples at   3 then there is a portion of chips at   3 which is half a Mc Donald   s portion ice creams come out at   3 for the smallest and a cup of coffee is   2.50 per dribble. We had one meal in the park which was a mixed grill consisting of a sausage, one 3 inch rib, a small burger and chips x 4 and 2 child meals of nuggets and chips with coffees and juices which came to   76.But you go for the spectacle and except the prices you say     Well to start it was raining so the travelators from the car park to Disneyland were not working so a walk of half a mile is you first jaunt followed by another 3 miles walking around getting fast passes to get on the rides followed by another 3 miles going on the rides and finding the fast passes are not so fast so you miss most of the rides you had fast passes for as you end up queuing anyway.Getting pictures of your nearest and dearest with Mickey or Pluto and the gang is a mad fight for the queue only to be the ones that just misses as Mickey had to go for a show and as we seen needed a fag break     Then there is the French element to the problem as they seem to think that queuing is a British requirement and they have a god given right to push in which caused at least 5 near punch ups with parents that I saw.     Be aware that if you are over 6 feet tall and stocky they will let you queue for 2 hours only to tell you you are to big for the ride when you get to the front and this is most prevalent on the Nemo ride.     We got a fast pass for Indiana Jones train at 2pm which got us in at 8pm just to give you an idea on how bad it is.There is an American grill just outside the gates called Annett   s Diner where we stopped to get some chips, you can see the cooking staff while you wait which caused us to cancel our order as they were handling raw chicken and cooked food without washing their hands as well as the normal itch scratching problems they seem to have and it looked like a scene from the Somali refugee cook houseBe sure as eggs are eggs the grandchildren will love it to bits and you will get some memorable photos but in the end as long as we accept this total rip off we deserve to be exploited by this money grabbing company that is so far removed from the great Walt Disney as to be unrecognisable.We spoke to an American working at the park that was on an exchange and she said it was terrible and nothing like the Florida Disney and she told us she would complain when she got back to the states.We were at the Santa Fe Hotel for 2 nights which were the worst experiance that we ever had. It felt like you were living in the Geto ! There was no heat , 1 2 roll of toilet paper in the bathroom every day. Furniture looked like is was bought at a 2nd hand shop. There is no Air condition which they do advertise in there adds, but no heat either . It also looked like it was old and shot. The key system did not work right and whenI went to get another key ,that did not work at all. When I took it back and was discusted the manager went back to my room with a master key and gave me 2 more new ones and said that they must update the hotel . The parks are very clean and fun , up to Disney standards. The hotel was lousey and dirty . Whe you pay about $ 200.00 a night to stay in a hotel you don't expect this kind of treatment . I have stayed at Disney in the states about 10 times and was always satisfied above my expectation. On a scale of 1 to 10 our experiance is 1. Stayed there 10 20 and 10 21 name is James ClementsHaving just returned from a 4 day stay here I feel the need to voice my concerns about the character meet and greets that are all around the park.We visited with our 3 and a half year old grandaughter who needless to say was very excited about meeting her favourite characters. Having waited patiently, or as patiently as a 3 year old can!  we were delighted when Donald, Minnie, Goofy and Chip n Dale all appeared after the Minnie parade and sttod in various places for the children to meet them. And this is where the mayhem started! Whilst each character had a 'minder' with them it was just a free for all and all the little ones, our grandaughter included, was shoved and pushed by older children and parents alike! There was no attempt by the 'minders' to stop this and resulted in many tears from the younger ones. The characters themselves made no attempt either to calm the situation and simply walked away after a few minutes leaving some very upset children and parents!We have been going to Disney both in Paris and Florida for many years and whilst I have never seen such disorganisation in Florida it has been more apparent in Paris on our last couple of visits. I feel it is such a shame that this is being allowed to happen as this is one of the main things children want to do, meet their favourite characters, but if it is going to be marred by scenes such as we saw then Disney need to address this and sooner rather than later. I could see things getting out of hand and if the so called 'minders' can't deal with it then they need to re think how they organise such meet and greets.In general, with Disney, the brand is pretty consistent throughout the world. The same rides, similar food, clean cut staff and spotless facilities.Unfortunately, August 17, we were very disappointed to find the exception, Disneylad Paris. Even at 10 am, when the park had just opened, the bathrooms looked and smelled disgusting. It appeared that the bathrooms had not been cleaned since the day before. The condition persisted through the day, at other bathrooms. It wa so bad that we chose to use the train station bathrooms instead!Unacceptable.My fourteen year old daughter (who has a distant memory of a trip to Orlando several years back) wanted to visit on a recent trip to Paris. It is a scaled down version of Orlando (or Anaheim for that matter) and is not worth the effort. Definitely overpriced for what is offered. I got none of the 'magic' that Disney has had in the past at Orlando. NOTE to Disney Park executives: Your food service needs serious help. I visited on June 29, and your restaurants were either closed, had serious personnel shortages, or had 'run out of food'!!! At 3pm I finally settled for some microwave hotdog and ridiculous chips. Really disappointed in the quality of this facility.I went with my wife and 2 year old daughter. First it cost THREE HUNDRED EUROS to get in. After I paid, they said they made a mistake and my 2 year old daughter did not have to be paid for. However, they could not refund us. You have to write in. Then they write back for  further information . Then they write again for copies of passports etc. They just don't want to give the money back. Once you are in, its just a total rip off; atrocious food; humungous queues. Rude french people pretending to be American. I felt ripped off and angry.Disneyland Paris is like a giant shopping mall at extreme prices with a few attractions thrown in for good measure. To eat or drink, you probably need your grandmother's inheritance. If you are going for your little ones be aware that most of the more interesting attractions they won't be able to go on due to their height. The ones you can go on, you will likely queue for an hour and be disappointed. Bolshy crowds, extautionate prices and a great deal of walking is what is in store for you. The highlights as we experienced them were the parade at 4.15 pm where you actually get to see most of the princesses (otherwise you only get a quick view or take on the angry crowd for a photo or autograph) and the star wars attraction. Again for the star wars you need to be ready to queue in a hot tunnel for long periods of time. For boys over the age of 7 yet too short for the roller coasters this is the only attraction you can enjoy. Also beware, if you plan on staying at one of the hotels you are about an hour train ride from Paris.Me, My wife and my 14month old son went to Disney and Paris for 4 days over the late May Bank Holiday weekend. We spent time at both parks (Disneyland Resort and Walt Disney Studios). Given that our son is still young, we thought that this would be a perfect opportunity for all of us to have a good time in that we could do kiddie stuff whilst he was up and go on the adult rides whilst he had his naps. Here is our experience.    Baby Unfriendly   this park is not particularly baby friendly. Note that pushchairs are not allowed in any queues for rides or attractions and nor are they allowed inside for any of the shows. What this means is that if your baby is sleeping in his pushchair (and you don   t want to wake him up), you are stuck since you can   t join any queues. Disney have a clever concept called    Baby switch    whereby if you are parents with a baby it allows you to queue up and then take it in turns to go on the ride (with the other person looking after the baby). Nice idea if executed properly. What these buffoons at Disneyland Paris do is only allow one parent to queue whilst the other parent (with the baby) waits at the exit. Once the first parent has been on the ride (after queuing for say 1 2 hours on their own), then the other parent can go on the ride without queuing. Whichever genius thought of this didn   t realize that maybe if parents are on a    family    day out holiday, they probably don   t want to stay apart for the bulk of this period. Note: even if the baby is awake, you are not allowed to carry him in the queue.    Thrill Rides   As an adult, there is one decent ride that you could call a    thrill ride    and that is the Rock   N   Rollercoaster in Walt Disney Studios (which is excellent). The remainder of the rides were absolutely rubbish and I can say that none of them come even close to Nemesis, Air or Oblivion at Alton Towers. If you are an adrenalin junky     this is not the place.    Disney Characters     There is very little of the Disney    Magic    here     you can walk around for hours without seeing a single character, and the characters are mainly scheduled to be in certain places at certain times (e.g. parades). Would it be too difficult to have characters constantly walking around in the park     we are in Disneyland for gods    sake     I don   t think having characters actually around will demean the brand!    Staff     With few exceptions, the staff were rude and unhelpful. I asked a popcorn vendor for the location of the    Pirates of the Caribbean    ride (which is a big attraction and was actually about a 100 yards from where he was standing)     he just stared at me and said he didn   t know. We asked members of staff for the times of the English version of the Disney Play House show. After being fobbed off all day, at 5.30pm we were told that there were no shows that day in English due to technical reasons.    Although we were fortunate, we did bump into other people who said that they had been on 2 3 rides which had suffered from technical problems.    Smoking     they need to make this park a no smoking zone     it is pathetic to see smoke bellowing out everywhere, especially with children around.    Cleanliness     toilets were dirty, cutlery was not cleaned properly, generally untidy.    Queues     It is amazing how many people would jump queues (I am talking about teenagers   .and their parents!!)     try that in England and there will be fights!!Overall you don   t really get the feeling on any    Magic    here     the place is dirty, with unhelpful and unfriendly staff and is grossly overpriced. Although some of the shows are very good (e.g. the stunts show in Walt Disney Studios), overall it is not much of an experience. Maybe France isn   t the country that embodies the Disney culture and hence was always doomed to fail.I could go on   but I wont. My advice would be to go to Alton Towers, Gullivers Kingdom or Legoland in the UK (depending on what it is that you are after) and give this pathetic excuse of a Disney park a miss   OR save up for the real Disneyland which I have been informed by my wife is actually amazing.Disneyland paris is an utter rip off.Last night we were charged 5 euros for 2 small glasses of milk for our granchildren.Meal at Sequioia lodge 137 eurosMeal at disneyland hotel 138 eurosYes there were characters but we had to pay ectra for drinks egpint of lager and galss of chardnnay 12.90eurosGift for my five year old grand daughter   little doll set   16,90 euros (same in pound shop in Scarborough   1)Lunchtime meal for 4 of us rather like a macdonalds 38 eurosthey charge for everything   towels for pool 2 eurosVery disappointedEven at this time of year massive queueswaiting time in park for rides and meals normally 20 mins   sometimes longerBe prepared Two baileys whiskies 20 eurosDisneyland Paris   frustrating, inefficient, inept and a total waste of money. We travelled out to Marne la Vallais to be part of Mickey's Magical Party. We booked a day's ticket for the three of us   myself and my two children for   118   ouch. On the basis of the cost alone one would have expected something fairly special.With our 'home printed' tickets we arrived at around 10am opening time on the Tuesday following Easter. The admittance procedure was chaotic and stressful with massive surging crowds around the turnstiles with very little guidance, charm or direction from the Dsiney staff. When we finally were pushed and shoved to the front of the queue, the girl on the barier managing to swipe one of the tickets twice which meant that we had to submit to an exhaustive security check as they suggested that I was presenting forged tickets!Having cleared that up, we managed to get straight onto Space Mountain with a mximum 20 minute queue and that certainly lived up to its name. An awesome Roller Coaster in the dark that totally terrified but delighted the kids!Things from that point went downhill. What my 'cheap' deal for the days ticket didn't tell me was that it excluded Fast Pass so you couldn't apply for an alloted time with Fast Pass Scheme to go on one of the more popular rides   hence saving time and minimising the queueing. The queues were on average 50 mins with everyone obediently shuffling around the little taped off sections for their 5 minute experience that rarely lived up to the hype. We spent more time in queues than we did 'having fun'. There appeared to be total indiffernce from Disneyland 'Cast Members' about the lenght of the queues or any attempt to entertain people whilst they were waiting   merely a bored gallic shrug.There were also very few Disney character is evidence. Part of the fun for the kids was to collect as many autographs as you can   brilliant if any of the characters were in evidence. We scored Wendy and Peter Pan plus a couple of Chipmunks and that was it. Not sure where the rest went, perhaps they were in hiding as I hear Mickey gets routinely mobbed everytime he puts in an appearance.Lunch though was the total joke. The kids were on for Pizza so we headed for the Bella Notte; looked and sounded promising. The system for ordering food was so chaotic that I stood in line for almost an hour before being served with microwaved lasagne, limp Pizza and a salad that was a long way past its best. The cost   40 for food that your local suprmarket would be too proud to sell you.The day was partially salvaged by an impressive Parade and a the ride (again after a marathon queue) on the Tower of Terror next door in Disny Studios. Asdie from the last hour, I wished we'd stayed in Paris and saved our money. The kids were underwhelmed too which somehow defeated the whole object.I hate to be so critical however we did go to Eurodisney about 8 years ago when the kids were younger and had a wonderful time so had high expectations. To say we were disappointed was an understatement. Its interesting that having booked online that many leisure companies are concerned about hearing feedback but not Disney. They just send you an email to sell you more stuff and experiences. The Worl famous and renowned American service culture is completely unknown here.After the prices charged and the value given in exchange   we felt a lot poorer and just a tad ripped off.Myself and my boyfriend visited Disneyland Paris in March 09. We had previously visited Disney World Florida back in Sept 08. Disneyland Paris had NO magic from the moment we arrived till the moment we left!!! The parks were obviously a lot smaller hence meaning longer que's compared to Florida. Fast pass was hardly open even though there was about over an hour ques for each ride. I think if you have already been to Florida you will absolutely HATE it here. There was no magic, no exact times to what parades floats would be on show (e.g. High School Musical was not even scheduled to be on show whilst there but appeared 4 times in 2 days!) the staff were very unhelpful and cold, the public (French, Germans) were very very very rude and has put me off every wanting to go back there. They had no care what so ever and were pushing into ques where we had waited for over an hour, walking into you and just being generally pig ignorant. The price of food there was ridiculously expensive compared to Florida. You are looking at paying around 15 euros for a cold burger, cold chips and watery drink. RIP OFF!! I wouldn't ever go back there and am saving my money to go to Florida again where you get much more value for money and an awesome time!!We decided to go to Euro Disney for the Easter weekend and we can honestly say that it is NOT worth the money at all. Maybe we were overly optimistic after going to Florida a couple of years ago, but Euro Disney is so small   there are very few rides, which means horrendous queue lengths on the more popular ones. This was our first (and last) time at Euro Disney. We've decided to save up and do the 'proper' Disney experience again in a couple of years and go to Florida   at least the Americans know how to do it properly.Also, we have never encountered such a rude bunch as the French. They push in the queues at any given opportunity and when you are queuing, they quite happily push you around. If you're looking for a good theme park, go to Alton Towers, avoid Euro Disney like the plague.If you are coming to Paris don't waste your time here. A truly appalling experience and one that will see your wallet empty.We went yesterday at the insistence of our 3 kids. We are living in Paris so understand all about Paris prices. First off the cost: huge and you get little for it. Add in train fares from Paris a fast food lunch and the cost all up with admission for a family of 5 was about 460 euros or about US$630. For this you could fly from Paris to Dublin and back with the family for a whole weekend. Now this huge cost might not be so bad if you actually got something for your money. The queues are massive. The electronic signs at each ride showed lines of anything from 60 minutes to 120 minutes  for a 90 second ride. There is a 'Fastpass' system where you go to the ride and register for it later that day but the time lag between registering and riding was yesterday about 5 hours and you can only register for 2 rides. End result: you are wandering around the crowds getting frustrated and wondering why you are there. Ask yourself: do you have the stomach for a queue like this, running into hours with children in tow? Or even without them.Despite best efforts of our teenagers (who like all their generation seem to know how to work the system) my kids got on only 3 rides between arriving at 11:30am and leaving at 6:30pm. We visited in early Spring on a Saturday and out of European school holidays. The mind boggles as to what it would be like in Summer at peak time.How do you fill in the rest of your time? Well there are plenty of shops selling Disney themed things (did you come to ride or buy?) and places with long queues for fast food  a gastronomic crime in a country like France.So in summary: it's overpriced by a huge margin, particularly when you consider the many magnificent attractions Paris itself has to offer; you don't get what you paid for. At 60 Euros admission per person and 3 rides per person that's 20 Euros a ride. If there were modest queues (2 hours is not acceptable!) then you might feel you had received something for your money, but that is not the case by a huge margin.So my recommendation? Give it a wide berth and visit some of the fantastic things that Paris has on offer. Don't waste your Parisian holiday here.The first thing that happens when you arrive is that security ask you to throw any drinks or food you may have in the bin. You are then invited to buy their food and drink, starting with water for    2.50 for a small bottle.The only food available was  fast  food but you'll spend a lot of time queuing for it! After getting fed up of eating burgers I tried a lasagne which cost    16.50.If I had young children, I'd take them to Legoland (Windsor or Billund) rather than here. If I didn't have young children I definitely wouldn't go here!We arrived on 15th February 2009 and were due to go home on the afternoon of saturday 21st February. We hated it so much we left on the morning of Friday 20th as we had had enogh! The queues for the rides were absolutely enourmous most were 90 minutes wait. Having two young boys aged 5 and 10 and a 6 month baby we couldnt wait around for that long for a ride. Really rude people and really really expensive food. We had luch on the first day at pizza planet and spent   65 just on a salad 2 small pizzas and drinks. Dinner usually came to   100. We stayed at davy crockett ranch and it was filthy in the accomodation. We all caught sickness bugs whilst there.I have had a good read of the reviews before placing my own and I can only conclude that some of these people are staff of the Park or have been on a staff training day or when the MD has been visiting.The park is dirty. Take a ride on the steam boat and see the litter floating on the edge of the  river  at least two feet deep and I challenge anyone to say it is clean and sparkling. The concrete on the way in is all cracked with huge chunks missing and every few minutes one of us would trip on the uneven levels.On Thursday 19th (our last day) the following rides were broken: Armaggedon, Crush, RockN Roll Coaster and Indiana Jones. These are the majority of the larger rides and most were not available for an extended period. My children had queued on Indiana Jones for over an hour when it broke down   the staff advised me that everyone had been removed from the rides but after returning from a frantic 20 minute search I found them being led out   really frightening as a parent!As we were on a short break we ate at Disney or in Disney Village every evening. We were prepared for expensive but the reality was worse than that. As we had three children 12 14 they were eating adult portions but we stuck to one course and one drink to limit expense. No meal cost under 120 euros and the most expensive was 180 euros.Even lunch was bad. 50 euros for 5 hotdogs and bottles of water!Having been when Disneyland Paris had first opened I was looking forward to seeing the changes. It is like a tired old lady needing a major operation. More needs to be spent on the upkeep and maintenance of the place and with most queues being over two hours on a chilly February day, they need to look at speeding this up.With the current exchange rate I would recommend that people think carefully about going, or be prepared to spend a lot   whatever you consider expensive   at least double it!I can not think of one good reason to recommend Disneyland Paris for English people. With the current exchange rate the prices are just ridiculous   20 for a sub standard burger and chips or   17 for a kids meal. We enquired about the buffalo bill wild west show but at   240 for a family of 4 we decided against it!!!!The queueing system leaves a lot to be desired with people (locals) pushing in all over the place and the whole experience left us moping around in the hotel for 6 hours on our last day of 3 looking forward to going home.If you are thinking about going DONT DO IT.We recently stayed in the disney hotel paris, we'd been to disney last year and stayed in the explorers hotel. Great hotel no complaints about it at all. However this year we decided we'd treat ourselves to the disney hotel. Got the VEA bus from the airport to the hotel we where the last people off the bus walked into the hotel reception straight away noticed we where missing a bag I had seen the bag on the bus when I was getting off my partner got off after me leaving his bag behind ran back to bus it was pulling away another bus was pulling in and this driving rang the driver of the bus we just got off to say the bag was on the bus he said he'd be right back. There was no one else on the bus except the driver we never got the bag back or expensive equipment inside. We reported this constantly to the hotel staff and repeated requested that the luggage room be checked. In fact we went 7 times about it and at no stage would anyone look in the luggage room for us. We knew ourselves it had already been stolen at this stage but would have been nice just to check for us.Upon request we met the manager of the disney hotel who was helpful organising a translator and transport for us to the Police station to report the theft. I will also add at this point that the items stolen are security marked.We where very disappointed with the response from disney and their hotel staff at no point did we get an apology or even upon checkout where we asked about or updated about the situation.We changed our room in the hotel 3 times and still ended up looking out into a bush which would you believe was the best of the 3 rooms . This wasn't even offered to be changed for us after our ordeal.  We where attending a birthday party in disney and had dinner in the hotel restaurant to celebrate this costing    75 each for buffet food not my idea of a good meal. We also had dinner with the princess in the park    55 each fantastic well worth the money and would recommend this. I will say in favour of the disney hotel great opportunities to meet the characters and great breakfast selection well organised. However we will not be back to this hotel and I would not recommend it to anyone else.Warning please be careful of your belongings on VEA busesWhat   s so amazing about this place? OK, at the first glance, it gave us high expectations with the castle spires sticking up in the sky. But as getting closer, it was nothing but a theme park with boring constructions of what been picked out from the cartoon pictures. Too many people, too expensive (45     person), too boring and nothing impressed either me or the children. Queues on the high way to the park, queues to get a parking place, queues to buy the expensive entrance tickets, queues to be seated by a lunch table, 20 minutes only to be attended by the waiters, another 30 minutes to get what been ordered, queues to race attraction. The shortest time was 40 minutes to the attraction for the smallest children, the most popular attraction (Indiana Jones roller coaster) had a 120 minutes queue time! Is it too arrogant to expect the staff to at least know how to calculate when working as cash personnel? I know that we are in France and not to expect people to be able to speak English even though the Disney thing is an American concept. But do at least hire someone who can calculate what to give back on a 20 Euro bill when the customer is to pay 12 Euro   ? Or do I expect too much?Our children 9 and 11 years old hated the place and couldn   t see anything exciting about it. Relieving for us. We rather spend time in Liseberg in Gothenburg or Grona Lund in Stockholm next time, far more worth the money, time and much more amusement for our kids   and our selves. Sometimes it takes a disappointed experience like this to see that the grass is not greener on the other side   .Going back there, most likely not.My wife and I first went to Eurodisney within a few weeks of it opening in 1992, and with no experience of anything to compare it with we were impressed. The crowds weren't silly, the staff were friendly, the rides were geat (I still love Thunder Mountain!), Disney characters wandered around the park, and some of the restaurants rest areas had some great entertainment   I recall stopping for lunch somewhere and being entertained by a fantastic country band. Overall a good experience.Fast forward to 1996 and I went again as part of a corporate event and stayed in one of the Disney hotels. Again, the crowds weren't bad (though it was February), there was some fantastic entertainment around the park, and overall I enjoyed the trip.The next time I went was in 2002, with my 6 and 7 year old daughters. OK it was the summer holidays, but the crowds and queueing were beyond belief. Forget using the park railway, the queues for that were impossible so we walked, and walked, and walked. On top of the crowds I was disappointed that the Disney characters and entertainment I'd seen on previous trips had gone. The kids enjoyed some of the shows, but we struggled to get on more than 2 or 3 decent rides. Overall a disappointing day out.Our final (and we'll never do another one) trip to Disney was in 2006. We went at a different time of year thinking that keeping away from the summer holidays would keep the crowds down. Well, we paid the E180 or whatever it is to walk through the doors, and soon wished we hadn't. Crowds everywhere, 90 min queues for the popular rides, and E10 for a disgusting burger. Never never again, my kids were very upset by 3 4 pm as we'd only mangaged to get onto a handful of rides due to the overcrowding. We've no intention of ever going back again, the only way I'd go back is if Disney pay me and it would need to be a decent amount too! Also, be aware that if you're visiting the park by car you'll end up parking about 20 30 minutes walk from the park entrance. I've tried to balance the review as in the early days I enjoyed going there, but the park has lost a lot of the charm it had and seem to me to be overly greedy in exploiting families who feel that a trip to Disney is compulsory. Well it isn't!We purchased tickets for Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Party after being told by Disney Customer Service that it would be an amazing night of fun, with trick or treating and tons of candy for the kids. We confirmed this statement after arriving at the park, and my kids were sooo excited for the extra hours at the park, and of course the promise of candy. As Americans living in France, my kids miss the Halloween festivities, and we thought this would be agreat substitute experience for them. Well.....after 2 hours of asking around the park during the  party , the kids finally got handed 2 pieces of hard candy. That's it. No favor bags like we were told, crowded lines at the rides, and two children who left the park near tears from disappointment.We were at DLP for four days, and the rest of it was wonderful. The Halloween thing was NOT up to Disney standards at all. I would not waste your money on the special events!!Where do you start ?....firstly if you only read one bit of my review then GO TO FLORIDA INSTEAD, it is 100% better, we've been twice there and it was a different league and cheaper aswell.Back to LES MISERABLES or Disney Paris.....The parks are hugely overcrowded, Everyone other than the Brits are rude which is something i never thought i'd say, the brits stood out as being polite when queing for rides or the buses, they (the Italians, French and portugese) do not know what a que is, are arrogant and don't care if they physically push your kids out of the way to get to a ride first, we watched an old french couple in their 60's push past everyone just to get on the Big thunder mountain before other people, they actually picked through the stationary que to get on quicker, I told them that they needed to get there before me as obviously they were old and it may be there last chance and they just sneered, I was amazed, I watched an italian old lady push three french youths backwards as they tried to jump the que on Aerosmith coaster and the disney attendant was useless, the youths just laughed at the old lady who later spat on them, nice for your kids to watch!!., The Disney staff are totally unhelpful, inpolite and if there is a problem amazingly retract from speaking any english, They do not enforce any rules at all as there are none. The que times are completely incorrect on most occasions 15 mins   45 mins in reality and so on, and they do not help reduce ques....we qued to get to the Crush's coaster fast pass machine to get a fast pass ticket, only to find that the fast pass machines under the magic carpet ride sign were all for crush's coaster hence no need for a 10 min que to get a fastpass ticket, however, not one of the two clowns helping everyone on the one labelled Crucsh's coaster machine thought to tell the que not to bother queing....crazy.It's also overpriced as to give you an idea a small coke is   2 (I know sterling is poor but come off it Disney or rather the french!!!, the local esso garage is 2.5 times cheaper!! and a few hundred metres from the parks, do Disney use solid gold delivery trucks or something ?), It really is a great french rip off. The hotels in the area are shocking (Ours was the holiday inn....I won't even go there on reviewing it yet as i'm still awaiting an apology from the Executive Director for such an awful stay but watch this space)The Disney village is small and overpriced and Disney studios is tiny, We'd never visit Disney Paris again nor would our kids or France for that matter, The security bag check at the park is a joke, que to get your bag patted on the sides...waste of time, at least if you have to que for it they should look in your bag...job creation springs to mind, also where are the characters!!!!, very few character appearances and when they do it's a free for all in the ques again.Anyway the bottom line is if you like huge ques , overpriced products and food, and VERY rude people then go to Disney Paris. If you don't then go to Florida as they are worlds and worlds apart !!!!We went to Disneyland Paris in August 2008 Having travelled to orlando in the past and felt very welcome this was totally the opposite. The staff were rude and arrogant. They should not be working at such a park if they cannot get into the spirit and magic of Disney. Some of the rides were not working and some parts of the site were not in use. We were told they only open certain bits at weekends. I did not get a discount on entry and paid the same as a weekend visitor. The queue times which were displayed as being 15 mins were actually closer to 90 mins. I would not have joined the queue if it was correctly updated. Save your money and visit Florida where you will be experience the real fun and animation of Disney. And the staff can smile and feel proud of it unlike the Frenchoh dear, oh dear, oh dearhaving been to Disneyland paris afew times over the past 6 years, after visiting in July 08 i would never go again!!We arrived early, 9.25. Got our tickets and then walked in! this was meant to be the early opening for the hotel guests but the staff were far too busy talking and messing around to care and just let everyone in. At 10am the whole park opened, well the took the bits of string down so you could walk past the castle. this is were our hell started...... Being British, i can cope with que'ing! i was amazed the French have even got the knack of it too, but the Spanish! at one point myself and a french guy nearly killed a spanish family! i'll set the scene.... your queing for big thunder mountain (before it has its numerous breakdowns of the day) and you see some kids going under the barriers! next thing the parents of said children are pushing you out of the way! DLP a few years ago was a nice place, the staff would stop and talk to the children, swap pin's and generally be helpful, now i think we just get in their way.i was amazed to see que's of 2 hours for Crushes coaster, the hotellift ride(forgot its name), Big thunder mountain (but i think this is because it breaks down once an hour!) and Space mountain's que was a joke!by 2pm we had been on 2 rides, tried to get fastpasses but to be honest only the ones for spacemoutain and big thunder mountain work! so we gave up and went shopping!!!!!! and went back in at 7pm! thinking that as the park would be open until 23.00 we'd have plenty of time! WRONG!!! the park started shutting down at 22.00 and all the big rides where then out of bounds as they had to get ready for the fireworks!this park COULD be so much better! if...the staff were properly trained, they had 4 times the amount of staff, which would allow them to control the que's!they actually put all the cars for the rides out to help get rid of the que's and also filled every seat on each ride!!!i'm amazed that after 16years that the park is slipping back to its bad early days, but i s'pose that while most of our european friends have a lovely day by spoiling everyone elses day, DLP will still take everyones money!think i'll save my money and just enjoy the boxing days sale' que's instead!!The Park itself was very Disney and we were all excited to get in. We arrived at 10am and thought we'd go into Disneyland first. When we bought our tickets from the campsite we were staying in, we were not told of opening and closing times. This being summer we expected a late night for both parks. Come to find out (after waiting in long queues all day) that both parks closed early during the week and when we realized this it was already almost closing time for the other park, Walt Disney Studios park. The Disney park itself closed at 8pm and this was after opening at 10am! We had paid for park hopper tickets and were unable to use the other park. While we should have checked on times ourselves, we assumed that the times would be later than that, especially for summer. As our day progressed, we decided to eat at a fast food eaterie in Fantasyland   with the exchange rate   our hot dog, chicken nugget (gross beyond comparison) and half a roast chicken came to $100. Ouch! And it gets better. After the lunch I was going to take my daughter to the restroom   gag! I could smell the stench of urine before I even got inside. We managed to walk to another land and found one that didn't stink. We found out the reason, or part of the reason   Disney Paris doesn't do air conditioning   not even on the rides! We chose to ride on Pirates of the Caribbean next. We were corralled into one huge mass of people going down underground to get to the ride   no air conditioning at all! I nearly passed out and almost went out it was so bad. We finally get down to the water (and boats) to find that the employees had air conditioning near their work stations. We found the same to be true on the Peter Pan ride as well. Hotter than heck inside the whole ride and a cool blast of air as we got off where all the employees were standing. For the amount of money we spent (with exchange rate it was almost the same as buying tickets at Disneyland in Anaheim) we expected a bit more Disney magic. There were no characters (cardboard cutouts were on Main Street for pictures) and just more. Extremely disappointed and wouldn't bother going again. What a shame.Put simply, Disneyland Paris is an expensive vacation. That in itself would be fine, except for the fact that most staff members were rude, disinterested, and did not seem to want to help out guests of the park in the least. It seemed as though our spending our money to get into the park and purchase items was a type of 'privilege'!Also, after many great experiences in the US (especially at Disneyworld Florida, which we highly recommend!) with the Fast Pass system, it is almost non existant in Paris! Sure, they claim to use it. But most of the times we tried using it they were hard to find, we ended up in long lines anyway, or they would just shut them down altogether...even if the regular line was very long.While we would go back to Disneyworld Florida any time, we will not be returning to Disneyland Paris. Why spend money on a smaller park with higher prices...longer lines and confusing   inefficient Fast Pass systems....While the staff treats you in such a rude way? I tried ignoring the bad reviews I read on Tripadvisor before we left. However, sadly, now I know what it is like from first hand experience: Stay away! Go to Florida instead! There is no comparison.This place was such a rip off. I completely understand they need to make a buck or two, but this was beyond the pale. We went with 2x 8 year old boys and they were quite bored. The only decent rides that were there were a 40 minute wait. You have to be so patient as all the rides require a lengthy wait. They were too short for the main ride they wanted to go on. If you have deep pockets, this place is totally up your alley. Be totally prepared to keep putting your hand in your pocket all day long. The U.S. Disney theme parks are much better.My experience of this attraction was unfortunately limited to the front gates. At every stage of the trip planning process, the Disney organization was incompetent and inflexible. When their online reservation service sent us the wrong tickets (for those of you who have purchased online, you know that this is a process nearly impossible to mess up   there are several stages and repeated validations before the purchase can be made), they refused to exchange them for another date, despite (a) there being no difference in price, and (b) it being THEIR mistake. Reconciling myself to traveling on the date they sent me tickets for, I called their reservation service to change the name of the person for the second ticket   with the new date, the first person could no longer accompany me. I was assured, repeatedly, that this was not necessary. Foolishly, it seems now, I accepted these assurances, only to be told by three levels of park officials once I turned up at the Park that there was no way they could let us in. To be standing at a park gate, with two valid tickets, both paid for by me, and to have been ensured by representatives that entry was not a problem, only to be told that my only way into the park was to buy a new, full price ticket for my companion, was appalling. As a corporation, and on the level of individual service, Disney acted callously and perhaps dishonestly. I cannot stress enough to potential visitors that they should be extremely careful in their dealings with the group, because if any errors occur, even their own, they have shown themselves absolutely unwilling to provide reasonable rectification of the matter. Very crass and disheartening.The plan for our trip to Disneyland Paris was to travel to Beauvais Airport, take the bus to Porte Maillot and then the train out to Marne La Valley Chessy. This was definately the most reasonable option and the station is right beside the entrance to Disneyland. Unknown to us, however, the trains were on strike which left us stranded in the centre of Paris. We then had to take a private taxi which was 80   . The trains were still on strike for our return journey so we had to book a private shuttle. We booked this using Paris Shuttle Service. We were quoted 40    per person by phone and in an email confirmation but ended up having to pay 90    per person!I would never travel to Beauvais airport again as the transport links to Disneyland Paris are poor.We took our 17 year old to Eurodisney and she loved it but we hated it. Not the place to go if you don't like crowds or rude people. Eurodisney just seem to cram as many people as they can into the one place , regardless of how uncomfortable that is for people. The queues are horrendous and we stayed at the Sequoia lodge which was built around trees, which made it very dark and dismal. With dark and dismal furniture in the hotel too. The staff were generally nice, especially in the bar area but the Concierge were horrible, very unhelpful. We must have walked about 20 miles in the few days we were there as the Hotels are a good 10 to 15 minute walk each way to get to the parks. The food was very limited with fast food everywhere. What about having some proper french food as we were in France? Couldn't even escape for a day as we wanted to go to Paris but the queues out of the railway station were ridiculous. They should have organised buses to Paris but didn't . The only way you could have got to Paris otherwise was on a tour through the Hotel which again was just a money making farce, costing far too much. The only good part of the holiday was the Eurostar   if we could have stayed on that for the duration of the break we would have done! Never again.The theming of the park is excellent, but it was just so crowded that we could barely move. Queues for the bigger  thrill  rides were over an hour, and the fast track option was sometimes offering a time of 2.5 hours later which (baring in mind you can only have one fast track  open  at a time), is of little use. There were even significant queues to register for fast track, then you still had a queue for the ride anyway (although much shorter than the main queue). So, fast track was of little use. I suspect fast track was excellent when it was new and not many people had picked up on it, but now that everyone is using it, it has just lost its effectiveness. There were also queues for toilets, food, drinks   everything in fact. We even had to queue up to leave the park.I expected a certain amount of queuing and crowding, but these were at completely unbearable levels and spoilt any enjoyment.I also actually believe that other theme parks, such as Thorpe Park have a better range of rides for anyone over 10, although Disney wins on the theming.The food on offer was very poor, and again, all food outlets were crowded with long queues. I had a hot dog that was barely edible (and I am not fussy about food, so if I'm complaining it must have been bad!). I ate it because I couldn't face another queue to buy anything else and I was hungry.Really, really disappointing.I had been to WDW florida 3 times previous and decided to go to euro disney instead and have a couple of holidays in europe instead. What a mistake!Even though the parks were OK, the disorganisation in the parks, and the downright rude attitudes of europeans will ensure I never visit Paris again.. Don't get me wrong I am not against the French or europeans in general, I get on with anyone, but it was like the world was going to end as everyone was pushing and shoving, and people were so arrogant ignorant. When I stopped to let someone through they looked at me strange.Disney staff were helpful, but thought they could have done more. I did not try to compare with Florida, but it is clear somethings that are done in Florida would actually work in Paris and give everyone a chance to meet characters and enjoy the disney experience.A very disappointed Disney fan. Will be going to Florida next time...DON'T GO   especially in school holidays. (We're teachers, so have no choice, but thought Feb half term would be the best option)HUGE QUEUES   in 2 days got on 4 rides. Children could not cope with hour long queues   even the carousel had a queue of 25 minutes. Managed 1 queue for 45 minutes to meet a character. Missed half of the parade (couldn't see the dancers and characters) because didn't stake a pitch an hour before it started. Also queued to get in (despite having tickets), queued to get a buggy, queued for coffee, queued for toilets Etc.FEW CHARACTERS   saw 1 character with an hour queue on first day. Had expected to see them everywhere.CHARACTER LUNCH   expected 'cuddly' characters (as on adverts), also got Captain Hook and another pirate, who terrified the children so much I had to take them out before their birthday cake. This priviledge cost us 200 Euros!I knew it would be a 'rip off', but wasn't prepared for how bad.My husband, daughter aged 10 and I have just returned from Disneyland Paris. We stayed at Hotel New York from 12 15th inclusive. Drive down from Calais not bad   this was our fourth visit. Checked in quickly at Hotel but disappointed to find no kettle in room and very surly cleaners on arrival at our room door. A great Disney welcome (not!). Unfortunately it was English half term and French school holidays and the park was very busy. Weather was attrocious and we had nowhere to get wet clothes dry easily. Queues to see the characters were long, we gave up half the time. Food was ridiculously expensive. We went to Planet Hollywood for Valentines Lunch and the in house photographer would not take no for an answer until I exploded. Went for coffee, and deli sandwiches one night cost 20 euros. Gave up after that and went to McDonalds. We found the French were given preferential treatment for everything. Queues everywhere all the time through security, for meals, characters. Having said that the new Buzz ride is great and the Stunt Show remains a favourite.However we will not return. Journey back home took 1 hour longer due to accident just on Paris outskirts. Save your money for Florida   we are going to and we are sure the food will be cheaper and the American people so much more warm and welcoming.Disneyland Paris   the train station at the entrance stinks of raw sewerage, the car park behind it has a stench of urine where people probably urinate. You are approached by Gypsies and beggars on the train to disney and all you see is graffiti. The staff there are very rude and impatient and unless you can have a car or afford the extortionate prices of their hotels don't even think about booking a hotel near by as there is no transport to them after 8.35pm. There is little night life which consists of a western bar of a few amateur line dancers and a night club of cheesy 80's music in which you cannot breathe because of the smoke (especially cigars) plus your clothes stink the next day.Visited for four days end may 2006 and it was a most disappointing break. Weather was awful, hotel was chaos and dirty (newport bay club).Breakfast was so chaotic there were nearly fights in the queues for tables. The park itself was not prepared for the major uk holidays with many major attractions closed and hoardings up around many shops on main street.Fast pass only worked intermitantly and choas one day when the entry system failed and everyone had to get their entry passes stamped by hand.My young children were terribly disappointed and kept asking about when we could go to proper disney in florida.The studio park was waste of time and we were out within a couple of hoursWe could not believe how expensive it was either. I dont consider paying   60 plus for an average burger meal for 4 value for money.Only good point was eurostar train journey was excellent.Save your money and go to US as they do this sort of thing so well over there.We visited Disneyland in Paris on the 4 June 2006 and was very disappointed. Paying to get in to the park was easy and there were plenty of cashiers to help you paying the fee for the park (no lines here)Once inside came the bitter truth of the magic, the place was packed with people and the favouirite attarcation pirates of the carribian was closed and no warning of this at the ticket office. But we could live with that, but then came the shock the fastest line to find was Peter Pan at 50 minutes. All the other main attractions were up to 100 minutes to wait for. So we were able to try 5 attractions including the boring Nautilus submarine so I should say we got to try 4 attractions for 121 Euros. I guess you can understand the disappontment our son showed (6 years).What did we do to try to improve our situation then!We tryed to get fast passes, all gone!We asked for advice on how to save the day and get some magic at the information, advice given was to skip the parade and go to Peter Pan instead, people will start getting home at 1700 to 1800 Hrs then it will get better, it did at 1930 Hrs and then the attractions was closed!The food in the park is overpriced to say the least, a hot dog is 4,7 Euros and picknick is forbidden.As the attractions are fantastic our recommendations must be1 Do not visit the park in high season as it is a rip off for what you get during this time2 Be french and try some civil resistance and have a picknick iniside the park and see the arrest of your family as an attraction as they are very difficult to try anyhow. I am sure the sight of Mickey stopping your family eating will aruse the french around you and thus helping you avoid the hot dogs for 4,7 Euros3 Try helping us in saying to Disneyland Paris that they should do as at the Eiffel tower does and that is to candidly state the waiting time to see the top before you pay as it is important to give children the right expectations!Just returned from a disappointing trip to DisneyParis. We have visited 3 times before and always enjoyed ourselves, but this time it was a different story. On entering the car park there was not a single Disney representative to guide people to the parking bays. Finding where the correct place to leave the car was took us a considerable amount of time as there was simply no one about to ask.Once inside the Disneyland park we noticed alot of areas looking shabby and in need of paint and maintenance. A typical example was the Alice in Wonderland maze. There were huge gaps in the maze walls, cracked, worn paintwork, rubbish left all over the floor and thrown in the bushes and loads of stinging nettles growing up the maze bushes. Not ideal when you've got kids running round the place!Alot of the staff we very miserable and unhelpful. We approached 3 staff members to find out why the Indiana Jones ride had come to a halt and we had obvioulsly inconveniently interrupted their conversation. As we walked up the them one of them was carrying out a rude gesture with her breasts, the other two laughing and joking at her, which we found to be very inappropriate   considering the kids were with us and that Disney is meant to be all about good wholesome family entertainment.The impression we got from the studios was that it has been flung together quickly in order to rake in more money. There is very little there and all the attractions are on top of one another. It doesn't have a good pleasant feel to it. It looks cheap and is absolutley no comparison to the Florida one.My husband and I recently returned from a long weekend in Paris. Since we were ahead of schedule, we thought we would catch some Euro Disney Magic! What we caught was very long lines, Fast Pass booths closed, several attractions closed, too many restaurants cafes and too few attractions. The staff was terrible at loading attraction cars   normally, you line up and they try to fill all the seats, right? 20% of the cars that went by were empty. Also, in six hours, we did not see ONE charachter! It was unbelievable considering that it was so busy. At best, it was lousy. If you are an American, you will most likely hate it. Another poster said the entrance was beautiful, but it went downhill FAST after that. I agree. Also, be careful if you take the RER out to Disney from Paris. Be sure your fare is correct before you arrive as you insert your RER ticket for entry into the Park. If your fare is short, you are locked out and you have to buy a  violators ticket  for 25 Euro. Europa Park in Germany is 10 X better.Having spent three days at the Disneyland Paris resort, I have nothing but praise for the Park, the entertainers, and the sheer magic of the Park. We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel, and it was superb..My only complaint is with the food in the actual Park, huge lines, expensive, and the food was stone cold..The Disney name stands for quality, tradition, and is known the world over for it's love of children, and keeping the magic alive. Why would Disney endorse this dreadful food? If Disney needs to put the emphasis, and focus on the entertainment, hotels, etc, (Which it does with the most amazing stunning detail, quality, and perfection) Why can't you put the horrible food, served under your name and flagship, out to tender? McDonalds would be better than stone cold food..slow service, and disappointment.  This is the ONLY aspect that gives cause for complaint, and it does take some of the magic away..and leave a nasty taste..literally.