Feel so let down with this place,the Disneyland train was fantastic until you get past the station,bad signage, terrible staff who just did not want to be there ,it was rainning and rides were not working could not find a map of place, over priced fun park. Disney characters only 2 seen under a cabana having photos with visitors queuing up in the rain. Dont waste your money. Walt Disney would be horrified, not enough eating places for the amount of people or rest rooms. Seems they are building something but who knows what. No atmosphere of fun and fantasy. I went to HK Disneyland on 5 April which happens to be Qing Ming festival and did not expect the massive crowds on that day. Queues for rides and F&B outlets were very long and we did not have a great experience especially with a young kid. For the amount spent on the tickets, it's really a waste of money as we only sat on a few rides. I'm wondering if the park has any cap on the number of guests in the park as we had a hard time finding seats around. I booked my tickets via the Disneyland Hotel online but there was no info or confirmation given to me whether my park tickets are booked. In the end, I was unable to enter and had to buy tickets on the spot. Luckily, one of the cast members, Carmen, helped us to resolve the issue and let us access without queuing up again. Also the balloons there are overrpriced   HK150 for a helium balloon.Didn   t feel the Disney spirit in this place. There were few Disney characters around, but one must wait in long lineup to shake hand with them. We stayed for only couple hours and left.Very very small, disappointing all along the line... the park is too small, without big attractions. In 3 hours you will have seen everything. There was construction with a lot of noise during our visit. It was ridiculous to visit the enchanted forest when you heard a jackhammer!! The maneges are limited. The prices are high for the quality of the park. It is better to keep your money and invest it in another activity As my husband and I had a free day before we flew back home , decided to visit here, being that as we are over the age of 64 we got entry of just under   10 each depending on the currency rate. This park does not open until 10.30am, but we arrived earlier as we decided to buy our ticket on the gate rather than do this by phone. Surprisingly enough it was a very easy and quick process, just had to show our passportsWe got on the metro from Hong Kong to Sunny Bay station, crossed the platform to catch the Disneyland train which was only one stop.Seeing that this was a Monday the amount of people waiting for the park to open was massive, bug bear is that nearly everyone is on their phones and then you have to put up with them doing a 101 selfies. (please if you love yourself that much just get a mirror). Anyway the announcement was NOT TO RUN when they opened the gates, BUT WHAT did they all do RUN, no manners at all, push and shoved.This park is not a patch on the original Disney in Florida. There are very few rides and you can get round this park so quick. This is certainly not worth the   60 plus for adults .The atmosphere is certainly not here either, maybe because it was not very warm.Overcrowded with Chinese tourist who likes to take photos of cute young children without permission. The rides are fun but taking too long to queue. Food offering is good.One of the group had been to Disneyland in Japan and wanted to go to this one.I had been told was the staff are very friendly, welcoming and peppy plus the mascots milling about and very fun. Don   t know if upwelling went on a bad day or something but it was not a great experience. With the exception of two staff none of them smiled or made you feel welcome. As to for the mascots, finally saw them at the end of our day and only in the    town    part.Costumes were ruined by staff wearing black running shoes. OK they are on their feet and need to be comfortable but it was seriously jarring. Staff get a 2 10.Things like the recycling bin being loaded and taken away to be emptied but not one put in to replace. Tables not being cleared.Two of the restaurants were shut, a number of the rides were closed, the castle was shut.At HK$620 it was not worth the money. I was told Disneyland HK was loosing money and I am not surprised.We went on a number of rides and they all had positives. Loved the Ironman ride, Starwars and the roller coaster in the Gulch.So much of the park is closed!! Very disappointing   only a few rides In the park. I do know there is an expansion planned, but so much was closed now, I don't know how they can afford to expand! I knew it was a small park before we went, but it is lacking the 'Disney' in every aspect... other than the cost! It is really easy to get to on the MTR and good for about 3hrs of entertainment If you are looking for something different to do while visiting HK.I love Disneyland but I wouldn't recommend Hongkong Disneyland.The reasons are:1. The staffs in Hongkong Disneyland not good like Disneyland or disneysea tokyo. They're very rude n not polite. Difficult to speak in English.2. Better I went to Dufan Jakarta than Disneyland Hongkong. I heard staff shouting the people who lining the attraction.3. No smile from the Disneyland Hongkong staff.If you going for the Disneyland adventure this is not the place. The price to enter is ridiculously high and don   t bother with the skip line thing coz it   s just not worth it, if you get there early enough you will get to go on all the rides before lunch and then you have been on them all. The famous Disney castle was undergoing a renovation that was not indicated on their website or at the gate. From the drinks to food and all those stupid little shops everything is way overpriced. The photo below was taken at 11:00.  Too experience to visit ,for over $600 Hk , every things so crazy , waiting time for any ride well over one hours ! washroom is closed to one and half hours wait ,poor ladies 1,the foods is so pricey ever Micky would not buy it ,people ,people ,people ! it is a small kingdom with no local want to come ,no wonder they lost money every year ,better off save time and moneys do some things else ,you will thank me for it !they don't have as many rides as other Disneys.  Easy to get to.  Charge a fortune for bag storage but there are cheaper lockers if your bag is not big. Castle is still being built so not great yet.Our two day visit to Disneyland was a bitter disappointment. The park was so busy you could not move around freely. The average wait time for each ride was 60 minutes. There is no option of a fast pass as is the norm in many other theme parks around the world. We did not see the Disney Princesses for a photo opportunity (which was the only reason my youngest two wanted to go to Disneyland) and all the other photo opportunities were full before we even arrived at the destination. The train around the park only went one way and did not return to its point of departure. The lines for coffee and food resulted in is leaving the park earlier than we anticipated because the wait was too long. A very disappointing experience to say the least and we will not be back! Please do not visit during the Christmas New Year season!When we arrived there the castle was closed and some other rides were not operating, but still had to pay full price. We ate a meal there and it was absolutely tasteless, in fact the worst meal i have had for years.We ordered Shabu Shabu from the Japanese outlet. I wanted to order fish & chips from somewhere near the goldmine but the restaurant was closed.Corn on the cob about US$6, ice cream terribly expensive. My wife enjoyed visiting Disneyland, seeing a couple of parades, a couple of shows and many photos but it would have been more enjoyable if we had children. BUT i am sure it would have cost a lot more because they would be wanting ice cream, toys, pop corn drinks etc and i would not have been prepared to pay these ridiculous prices.Hong Kong Disneyland is just too small with limited rides compared to parks in California, Tokyo or Paris. A little disappointing but the kids (10 and 13) enjoyed it all the same   it   s Disney after all!! A good place to spend the afternoon if you have time to spare, otherwise I would give it a miss.Was quite disappointed as the castle was under renovation hence no fireworks. The characters roaming around the park was limited. The street march ended very fast.Yikes, the worst thing about HK Disneyland is the never ending same same music, over and over again, the same tunes. Omg I could pull my hair out, I would seriously go bonkers if I had to work there. When my kids were small, we went many times and I have to say, they absolutely loved it every time. We even discovered that the best time to go is in the pouring rain as no one else is there and there are no queues! If it suddenly brightens up it will be about 2 hours before the crowds return, that, my friends, is a very good tip. Nowadays we never go and stuff like that I avoid like the plague but if you've got young kids then you just have to take them, they will love it. Remember tho, it's crowded as all hell, expensive, you can't take your own food so you are forced to eat at the restaurants and even buy water and the queues are long. I used to smuggle in sandwiches under a dark piece of cloth at the bottom of my bag, you can get stuff in if you hide it well. Enjoy xThe Disneyland here is way too commercialized   too many stores than rides compared to the ones in US!My brother did not enjoy it since the ultimate night show was cancelled & that was not announced in their website!It was a big disappointment for my supposed to be treat!When it comes to Disney, you expect wonderful things, but we were very disappointed with our overall experience here on our recent visit. The park is very small and doesn't have the magical vibe that Anaheim Disneyland exhibits. The majority of staff that we encountered had the personalities of bricks and showed no happiness or excitement. Food options were very average and opportunities for photos with characters were limited. With the park closing at approx 8:45pm on the day we visited, photos with Mickey and Minnie were closed off at 4pm, causing much disappointment from numerous visitors. The general upkeep of the park also seemed quite poor, with overgrown gardens and dirty grounds in some areas. While there was the advantage of much shorter queues for rides, this Disneyland just feels like another average theme park and doesn't even come close to comparing with the original in Anaheim. I wouldn't recommend visiting this theme park. When we planned our trip to Hong Kong we didn't realise that we would be there for the Mid Autumn Festival. When we went to Disneyland on the Sunday before the Festival we didn't realise that the line to get into the park would be over an hour long at 10am. The heat was oppressive and there was far too little shade and water dispensers available. After waiting, waiting and waiting we gave up by 3pm (after only getting in at 11am!) and left.The park is very small compared to other Disneyland's but the crowds at the bag check at the entrance were like I have never, ever seen before. Crazy!Only go here if you have never been to a Disneyland before, or you are one of those people who are crazy for Disney. It   s small. Really small. You can do the whole park in a half day. Don   t go on a Chinese Holiday or it will be flooded with Mainland Chinese tourists. Pretty much the same as every other Disneyland just 10% of the size. Take advantage of the fast pass system. If your ticket is crumpled or broken and the machine won   t accept it, there is a small inconspicuous button on the back of the fastpass machine that will print a fast pass ticket for you. Unscrupulous visitors can press it repeatedly to get multiple rides without waiting in line. Visit the rides that don   t have fast pass first or last thing. Stay late for the fireworks over the castle.Second time here in 11 years and my first visit was better. Trying to celebrate our honeymoon in 1 of 3 Disneylands. They don't have a good pin selection here  just stickers? Not impressed since we traditionally get pins from Disney world every time we go. Customer service is not Disney level. People avoided eye contact, only approached us at the dining cafe when we we're signaling for help, and some cast members were on their cell phones! We we're trying to buy storm trooper magnets and we had to wait for someone to look up from their phone and ring us up. The roller coasters are fun and there were no lines it being a Wednesday. Super clean bathrooms and park. Toy story land is small but the rides are good for kids. They decorated for Halloween so it was enjoyable to see. Due the damages from the typhoon, the jungle cruise was closed  no biggie but I probably won't want to come back specifically for that ride. Thank goodness for the good company I was with. He was able to point out the fun Disney decor. Which is what I love about Disney parks.The services compare with the opening period is totally different.1  Guide and map is not easy for traveller organize they own plan as the date before. It   s must be spend more time for the whole trip. 2  The show (Lion king my favorites show) not such carrying the same feelings. Less actress and not monumental anymore.3  The souvenirs quality honestly really    China   , such like the things you can find in Mongkok market.Hope its will help you somehow. Thank you.What can I say, having been to the USA and to Disney Paris, this one is the worst one so far. Expensive to enter, expensive to buy water and food.Gifts were over priced too.Totally disappointed that there were no big rides, everything seemed geared towards young children, nothing for us big kids.Don't waste your money, save up and go to the USA, the best Disney by far.We found this the worst Disney Park around the world. It's far too small, not at all immersive in some areas. The castle was very small too, it just didn't have the magic. On a bright note, it's easy to get too for a quick few hours.Over priced, overly busy, too few attractions, expensive food and drinks and just generally not worth the effort and attendance compared to alternative parks in Hong Kong!!Took my 12 year old, she was really excited as we   d nevre been to a Disney land before. We were expecting to see the characters walking around for photos, greetings etc but there wasn   t any that we saw. You could queue up to meet them privately if you wanted. Think 12 was just too old. There were a few bigger rides that we went on that were very good,but not many. Long queues for everything and mostly family rides that very little kids could go on so not very thrilling. Very expensive day out. Took an hour to get there, went on 4 rides in 31 2 hours and left. Wouldn   t go back.Small and dated. Poor facilities. Young children will enjoy the place. The food is very expensive...Definitely not the best Disneyland Park. Disappointed with the size of the castle as well as with most attractions (definitely for very young children). Not much of a Disney magic in the parc, it doesn   t feel like Disney at all.Attraction are not a lot.   Klook is a cheapest way to buy a ticket but recommend to not buy a value meal and reason is in a photo i share.  About popcorn is not good cooked.After buying tickets via trip advisor to find that we had to go on a defined day, we went on the day when there was a typhoon warning so the vast majority of the attractions were not open   in fact all of the outside attractions!! We had a lovely very day but sooo disappointed that the sun was out but so few rides were availableHave been to other Disneyland and sea, this is definitely one of the worst that we have encountered. Yes, some of the staff is friendly and helpful. Well, we did met a quite a handful staff with typical arrogant attitude that we faced in explorer hotel. Not sure if the staff was train to put on such arrogant attitude or what, if this is the case, then good job Disneyland HongKong, you have pissed off and turned off 1 of the many tourist.Will never ever visit this horrible place again.So many things were missing from this park. The castle is so small it is embarrassing and I did not find the American experience translated well. Food prices are obscene   $5 for a bottle of water   so bring your own water if nothing else. There are water fountains but the water is burning hot   really   and I was hesitant to drink it. Mystic Point was a great addition to the park as was Hyperspace Mountain. Strange hours   opening at 10 and closing at 9pm. Also, the train stopped at 6pm which was super disappointing! Why?? Really overall it seemed like a money grab and while the day was enjoyable, as someone in our party (who is a HUGE Disney fan) commented, the place  Is missing the magic . And I agree. Not a bad amusement park   the rides were fun   but the prices... .OUCH! Easy to get to though and the train there is fantastic. Also, a very nice train station at the park so that I highly recommend.Had a nightmare experience when the online booking system issued tickets for the park which my bank had rejected but this wasn   t picked up until at the park gate which caused Disneyland Park for several security people to pay a visit at the gate, it was resolved 10 minutes later but not the best Disney welcome !!Generally the park is pretty good but very busy, we stayed at the hotel so had some advanced passes which helped and it was raining on the day. Although I read the reviews prior to going, I still wasn't expecting the park to be that small. The first disappointment was the 'fake' train station building. It looked like a backdrop from a cheap play made out of canvas. Main Street was less than 5th of the length than it's counterparts, and castle (although surrounding by hoarding), looked no higher than your tallest basketball player! Many of the food establishments were closed, although what i eat eat was very good. Been to many Disney Parks, and this was by far the worst...really not worth they money they're asking for.Not value for money.. Overated and very small Disneyland and its a tourist trap to go here. Better to visit Ocean Park instead...We are from the Gold Coast so spoilt with amazing theme parks but had to tick off Disneyland while in Hong Kong. The place is very well done but hardly any rides and a very small park. The rides they did have we're more geared up for toddlers which is Disneys target market.If you have teenagers I wouldn't suggest it. My kids were very disappointed.There were no fireworks because the castle was undergoing transformation : ( Since it was already a small version, the transformation of some areas made it much smaller : (My wife and I are Disney fans. We aren   t particularly fanatical but we have enjoyed our visits to Tokyo Disneyland and are the type to go before opening and stay till closing time. Since we were coming to HK, we couldn   t pass up the opportunity to visit HK Disneyland as I had never been before.Based on reviews online, I had already tempered expectations but even then, I was disappointed when we got there. The good thing was that the queue to get into the park and the rides was so short (we went on a weekday). I enjoyed the trackless mystic manor ride. The effects and the ride experience is one of a kind and highly recommended. Grizzly mine cart was fun too with 2 unexpected twists, no spoilers here.That   s about all the good I can really say, now the parts that disappointed:I don   t see what   s the point of letting guests in 15 minutes early to the Main Street before they open up the park proper. After they finally opened the park, I didn   t expect other parts of the park ( toy story, etc) to open at 11. They also closed earlier at 730pm. The place was already so small, surely they could organise it such that all parts of the park could open and close simultaneously.As we walked around the park, many snack stands were still closed and many cafes were closed for the day. It takes away from the festivity of the place.We were the first to sit Mystic Manor and we were excited but when we got to the ride, we found the girls standing around chatting and they looked surprised to see us. They then hurriedly rushed off to prep and asked us to wait 5 minutes. It felt like they lacked a lot of professionalism. The staff were also not enthusiastic and acted like they were there because it was their job and not because they had a love of Disney. They could fake it even if they didn   t but they didn   t bother and most looked very blas  .It did not feel magical at all. The food was also very mediocre. The crowd in general was a lot ruder than the crowd at Tokyo Disneyland. I had multiple groups of people cut in front of me while it was obvious I was waiting to take a picture of my wife and they saw me. People yelling across the street for each other. Some people tried to pick the best seats for the rides so service staff had to tell them to move down the line and they looked displeased they were told to do so.The stuff in the shops felt a little    recycled   . We saw goods from Paris Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland there. Felt almost like they were given the leftovers from other Disneyland resorts. Albert the monkey at Mystic Manor is a character unique to HK Disneyland but they were sold out for some of his goods and the sales lady said they weren   t sure if they were going to continue making it again. We went at 10, left by 430pm and don   t ever plan on going back. I expected much more and had hoped for a decent experience but I feel like HK Disneyland didn   t put in enough effort to make the place as magical as it should be, especially moreso for the ticket price they are charging. It felt like this resort is just riding off the popularity of the Disney name but it did not do it justice. If you really want to go, look for discount tickets, don   t pay full price. Go with kids since the queue is so short, they can ride the rides repeatedly and you don   t have to rush there in the morning. Also, unlike Tokyo Disneyland, there   s a proper line to do the character meet and greets so you will assured of a picture as long as you brave the long queues. It gets very hot during the summer so be sure to lather on sunscreen and bring a hat umbrella. There is barely any shade there. Use the lockers to stash your stuff, you can reopen them anytime so it is worth the money to get one. Nothing is cheap in Disneyland, the only magic I felt was how quickly your money goes while you are there.I really had hoped for more from Hong Kong Disneyland but I think I won   t ever return unless they do a major revamp, for both the park itself and its staff.A good effort but doesn   t really get close to the real deal. We visited out of curiosity but were a bit disappointed. Not really that entertaining for couples or families alike if you have experienced the real USA version.Hong Kong Disneyland has the potential to be a really fun place, but it seems management is more concerned about cost cutting than guest experience. The park hours of operation are very short compared to Disney in USA. When they open the park at 10am, they don   t open the ENTIRE park. They open in sections which makes no sense to me. There are many outlets that have limited hours which makes it hard to even find a place to buy water.Come on HK Disney   focus on the experience of the guests. Don   t be so cheap. There is still some Disney magic here, but it could be so much better if management would focus more on the experience. Perhaps they should take their own family to experience it from the guest perspective and then they would realise how it is.Visited on a weekday in April 2018. Rides have long lines and offer VERY short ride. Some as little as 30 seconds before it stops, but generally 1min. Food okay. Bathrooms okay. The daily closing ceremonies are a waste of time. Love the train to from the park, but very expensive (compared to the other lines). I guess you could take into account that you don't have to pay for parking.I   d been to USA Disneyland so knew this would be much smaller and it is. Extremely long (45  min) wait for 3 min ride did not impress us. Add to this the air pollution on the day we went was classed as    extreme    3 times that in Beijing which we only found out when we got home. Wondered why Disneyland wouldn   t close in days like this? Don   t buy food from here unless you have to   very expensive and poor quality fast food. Parade was the highlight.I have been to California, Florida and Tokyo Disneyland, I got the most unpleasant memories in HK Disneyland, first at all, many rides were in maintenance, for instance the princess castle and Winnie the Pooh were down, that   s not worse to pay full price with major activities down. Secondly, not so clean in HK Disneyland, you can see beverage cans everywhere. Thirdly, NO FIREWORKS.Yup. Not the happiest place. It's just too crowded that it's hard to approximate even a tinge of happiness   well maybe just for the adults. But I used to love the shiny and bright atmosphere of the original Disneyland in Orange County which one does not find here. Service is non existent, the toilets stink and the food choices are just awful. Yikes lemme outta here!We visited Disneyland as overall we were not impressed. We have been to most of them all over the world and this was the most disappointing. Lots of the Park is closed off. The castle is tiny. There were only 4 good rides for adults (hyperspace mountain, iron man,mystic manor and runaway train) lots of the children   s rides were closed.Most of the restaurants were closed so we struggled to find somewhere to eat. The snacks were limited.The Disney site told us only about rides  restaurants being refurbished. Not all of the ones they just done open! They didn   t even have the park hours on the website.I wouldn   t bother visiting..... it   s a Disney let downIf you   ve been to the    better    Disneylands in Florida and Tokyo, give this a miss. Be assured that you will be disappointed. It is small, and on top of that, a bulk of it is under renovation.  Not worth a visit.The Disneyland park is currently undergoing some renovation. Can be quite dusty n noisy. There were many groups from schools n it was so crowded wherever we went. Especially during meal times. No seats and we had to queue for around 45mins for food!No more fireworks since January. Ticket price should be cheaper in view of the fireworks cancellation since it's the highlight of the visit.My son's favourite antique car ride was no longer available... The HK Disneyland is no longer the place that we will want to visit again.If you have kids, awesome. Then it   s a great park to to go. Not so big thou. But if you   re older then 10 12. Don   t go here...Having visited other Disneyland in Japan and US, i have to say the Hong Kong Disneyland is really really small. Fireworks at the end of the day was lackluster as well and it was alittle disappointing. You could probably go once but that   s just about it. We were advised to go on a weekday and we did to avoid the crowds.  Don't bother, it was manic !  The worst part was the queuing    it took us 90mins from when we got off the train to actually entering the park !...MoreAs mentioned in another review here, Hong Kong Disneyland is very overrated and Universal Studios at Singapore is far far better. I was expecting a totally different and good experience considering how famous disneyland is all over the world. However, all I got is lots and lots of over expensive shops and food joints. After being to Universal and Ferrari world, Disneyland is a total disappointment. The much hyped fireworks are really bad. Good rides are very few and its more of a shopping complex. Spend an extra day at Ocean Park and totally skip Disney land.Save your money n just go to OceanPark. The HK Disney experience is terrible. Over priced, under sized. Not rewarding like Calif or FL. Save your money n go to the states. Attendance is down. Walt would be sad.The name disneyland just makes you want to think it will be a magical wonderland, although designed really well i prefer Universal studio in Singapore over this and regret not going Ocean park which looked like we would had more fun. Food and beverage was limited, long queues to take photos with the main characters, kept on changing them without any notice, limited rides, mainly for kids so Disney saying for all ages is just not correct. Hoping Paris and Florida experience will be better if i ever go. Only good thing was at the end Fireworks over sleeping beauty's castle.otherwise place is really overrated!!Didn't rate this park.we were advised the first thing to do would be to take the train around the park to find out where everything was.. this was a waste of time as the trees and bushes were so high you could hardly see any of the park. Took us all of 2hours to walk around the whole site.we went with a trip and were being picked up after 8pm by 3pm we had seen the whole thing so left and got train back to hotel. Really disappointed in the whole experience.I have been to 4 Disneyland Parks over the years   Disneyland Paris, Disneyland Anaheim, Tokyo Disneyland and Sea, and part of the    magical feeling    is being surrounded by their super friendly staff. HongKong Disneyland however, was entirely the opposite. I really didn   t expect majority of their staff to be grumpy, snobbish, super rude even. Majority don   t smile, they don   t greet, they are not willing to help you out even when asking for a simple direction, they shout, my 4 year old son even got scolded in front of me since he was holding on to one of the queue ropes, the worst part?  I was carrying my son because he got tired while waiting for the queue at the ironman ride, this young staff shouted at me and asked me to put him down! I wanted to argue but I don   t want to ruin our mood so we just complied. In the royal banquet restaurant, the staff are also hot tempered. We hardly understand their english, so we politely requested to repeat what they are saying, but as expected, the staff got pissed and shouted again.When asking for direction, they seemed to be not in the mood to assist as well.In the merchandise stores, don   t expect them to help you when you are buying a US$60 toy and (after paying) you want to try if the battery operated toy is working. I have been told that    it should work or just bring it back it if doesn   t   . The positive side: The park is clean, and there   s always an english translation in almost all the rides. Also, since we went there on a weekday (Monday & Tuesday, which I think is the best time to visit), there was hardly a queue on majority of the rides and attraction . The longest queue is around 20 minutes, while majority is 5 10 minutes thereabouts.I am not sure if our experience with their staff is culture related, but majority of the staff at Disney Hollywood Hotel, including the shuttle bus drivers were likewise rude. I will be sharing our experience at this hotel in a separate review.All in all, if you are used to the friendly ambiance in most Disneyland Resorts, you basically have to lower down your expectations when visiting Hongkong Disneyland. Disney Management should seriously look into this. I am not sure if the staff are compensated well, but they should be consistently reminded to be customer service oriented, because they definitely seem to be the most unhappiest, and unfriendliest staff.We have been to all the Disney parks in the world and Hong Kong was the list in the list and turned out to be absolute disappointment. My daughter wanted to see all the princess and we didn't see any apart from Sofia the first and that too straight from the disney film. Castle was very small compared to other Disneyland or even one in Shanghai. All in all it was just an disappointment.The ticket price of 580 odd dollars is not worth the visit here. It is generally very crowded, one has to wait in line for hours for every ride, which means one cannot do more than 4 5 rides in a day. The food and refreshments here are very expensive too, so you end up shelling out a lot of money.On hot and sunny days, it becomes very difficult to move around.All in all, we didnt find the visit worth the money at all.The crowd in Hong Kong in general is rude and impolite and will not think twice before pushing and shoving their way through. And this trait of those visiting Disneyland gets heightened even more. The rides have a minimum waiting time of 1 hour. Often it seems people don't even know why they were standing in a particular line. Just not worth the experience. If you just can't miss this, then at least go after 3 pm. Most rides are open till 8 and park is open till 10:30. Disappointing and just not worth it. If you every been to or intend to visit Japan Disney, I say can give this a miss! Not only the services are bad, the food, the rides and even the crowd here are terrible. I have nothing against China Tourists, but it looks like they behave extremely badly in theme parks, especially when the staff don't give a s* too. I was pushed, queue cut, spitted beside and even saw some smoking in toilet. People aside, only kids may not noticed the rides are not as good, it seems small and does not have the  magical feel .However, I find the meal at Enchanted Garden Resturant (we stayed here) though expensive but was enjoyable.All the old rides nothing new and a charge very high. Food is very bad, staff working there are very rude and very bad behavior they think they are the boss all the rides are normal and lot of people.This is one small crowded Disneyland and to be honest, the tourists that frequent this place aren't the most considerate. Definitely my least favourite Disneyland.Was quite disappointed with the park and should have done some research. We were mostly disappointed about the small size of the park and lack of rides compared to its North American and even EuroDisney counterparts. It's quite far from HK but easy to get to by MTR although you will need to transfer a couple of time. It doesn't need more than 1 day to get through it. We bought 2 day tickets but actually did not regret it as the heat in August is oppressive and we could only stay for a few hours at a time. Favourite rides were the Grizzly Gulch train and Mystic Manor (as it was air conditioned). Hyperspace mountain was OK   Star Wars themed now but pretty tame coaster compared to the updated Space Mountains in other parks. Meet and greet with the Star Wars characters was also a highlight though. On the 2nd day, it rained a little and all the outdoor rides closed. Also all the food vendors shut down as well. Can't imagine what we would have done if we bought the food voucher. If you've been to other Disney parks, prepare to be disappointed. If this is your first time to Disney, you get a taste of what the original is like so you will likely have much more fun. This was my first visit to ANY Disneyland. We arrived at 10am on a Thursday morning. I expected to see larger than life characters casually walking around. I thought I'd see a HUGE Disney castle and watch my kids faces explode with excitement. I thought I'd find some healthy food options.....Alas, none of those thugs happened for us. I thought the staff would be super happy and friendly (like the Disney adverts!) but only the cleaners were. The retail staff were totally vacant!I appreciated the  fast pass  system, but wish that had been extended to other rides so our under 5yr olds didn't have to queue 30mins for a 2min ride on a teacup. The best time of day for us was the last 30mins before the park closed whilst everyone was waiting for the parade and the queues cleared. Bliss. I can't say I'll go back. Maybe staying in a hotel on site it would be better.I just left thinking we should have saved the first Disneyland for a trip to the USA....It's not the most extensive Disneyland you'll ever go to but it's ok. If you're into thrilling rides, go to Ocean Park. But it's still good for younger kids of course.Disneyland is a fantasy for everyone, guess everybody read and watch about the stories and surely would like to see it in person. That's why everybody is excited about Disneyland. Especially those ones in Western World. However, the one in Hong Kong was too small to put everything together. Therefore they can only selected some themes they thought can attract more visitors. Unfortunately they failed. Once can compare with those one in France or US, You will found the one in Hong Kong is waste of time to visit, you will encounter only queuing but without fun. Further, you will be pushed to dine within the site and found they are robbing you. But in a while if you have nothing to do and have spare money in your pocket then you can tell your friends that you have been one more Disneyland.Had to wait on average 30mins for a ride.  Rides were on average 45 secs long.   If you love waiting in the stinking hot humid weather then this is the place for you.   For me, never again.  Kids were not overly impressed either.Honestly maybe i'm just not a Disney fan. The small world ride low key creeped me out. The food was a tad bit over priced and tasted like microwave food.Disney is synonymous of magic. I am not particular fond of theme parks or Disneyland, after taken my kids their, now adults, too many times. But I appreciate what the inheritors of Walt Disney vision have been able to achieve. No one can deny the global significance of Disney as a cultural symbol of American talent, creativity and command of the entertainment industry. As expected they have tried to translate that experience into a more local and regional  cultural dialect . That is why we have Disney parks in France, Tokyo, Hong Kong and so on. In the end when you visit those Disney parks in foreign lands you have a kind of split personality experience. You do not really know where you are and what you are watching. If you are from the USA or from a Western country, and traveling with your family, I strongly advise you to avoid Hong Kong Disneyland. Immerse your self in providing them with a real experience of a place that most probably they will not be visiting again soon. Taking them to Disney will just make them yearn for going back home and reduce their interest in experiencing the certainly much more confusing cultural landscape of this strange lands. Going to Disneyland is quick solution to keep the kids happy. But don't be fooled. It will replace the magic of discovery for the conventional and convenient magic they are used to. The problem in the end is that Disneyland is not Disney and its not China.In Hong Kong the whole park revolves around disney merchandising.You'll find an endless serie of similar shops selling all sort of toys and (mostly useless) gimmicks.The rollercoasters seem to target far younger crowds than else in the world, or better, they are family focused, with exhausted adults wearing disney outfits enduring infinite lines with children on tail. Even if I have nothing against it, I was expecting some more excitement for millennials and grown up kids, like you can find in Tokyo for example.Surely a missed opportunity.This is surely an over hyped place. The area is very small if you compare with other places. Rides are very few (especially for those who are  12 years) and place is more of a selling Disney merchandise than a theme park. Strictly for kids who are small and are still fascinated by watching cartoon characters. For the Name Disneyland, this place falls short on expectations. Rides like Winnie the Poo was a disappointment. Except for a few ones like the Iron Man, the 3D Show & the Indoor roller coaster, rest of which were pretty much ordinary. Overpriced food and rude agents keeps them going. No sign of disneyland's experience...Felt Sad..Hk Disneyland nothing can compare to the rest of Disneyland around the world ! I wouldn't take my kids there again ! Just too small boring !Will not be going back. Very expensive and you queue for an hour for a 2 minute ride. The rides are great once you get on but the queues are just too long.Expensive tickets and expensive food inside premises.  Few choices of rides. Long queues (each lasted more than an hour). Too crowded!This was my second Disney visit the first one was Tokyo. Well, what can I say? I didn't really enjoy this as much as the Tokyo one. This was smaller. And the manners of the locals were so appalling that I would never come back again. Some kids were peeing in the middle of the square.. It's like the culture of the land is that you're allowed to be rude, disgusting and the road is your personal toilet. Would not come again..Pretty disappointed. There isn't much to do here other than walk around the park. The 4d movie was good. There was a main stage play that everyone waited hours in line for but we found out after we waited for hours that it wasn't in English (unlike everything else). There was one ride, it was like a western gold rush ride and it was pretty good! We only saw one Disney princess very late in the day as we were leaving. It was always a dream to go to Disneyland but I was sadly so disappointed.Disneyland HKG   been here several times over the years and we were back again today   the rides are still good and especially the updated ones BUT the cast look miserable and it has a huge impact on the whole experience. The staff need to know 'smiling' is the most important part of their job!!It's always packed here with long lines for everything   especially the rides. The rides are all very short and not very thrilling   I know Disney is meant to be for all ages but the rides feel like they are made exclusively for kids under 10. Add that with the crowds and I'd rather wait the several years it'll take me to go to the real DisneyWorld.If you're into standing in long lines to get your picture taken with Disney characters, then this is a place for you! The lineups are long for the rides, which pale in comparison to California Disneyland. If you want great rides, I'd suggest going to Ocean Park, instead of HK Disneyland. If you want a shirt that says  I went to HK Disneyland , then this is your place.They moan and groan every year and seem to constantly lose money. Yet their key attractions are closed for upkeep, it seems all the time. Food outlets are disgusting unhealthy rubbish fast greasy food. Full of junk shops and baby rides. When comparing this miserable place to Ocean Park its absolutely  no contest . Someone needs to be fired from management (n oxymoron in this case). Best skip it is my advice.A pretty small Disneyland theme park when compared to the rest around the world. The rides and facilities were not bad despite being on a smaller scale. The younger staff were full of energy and passion, which you could associate with in a Disney park. However, the good things stop there. There were quite a number of issues which could inconvenience your experiences at the park:1. Service from the older staff in supervisory positions are often a let down. They generally appeared to be cold and curt, displaying lack of professionalism and enthusiasm of those younger staff. For example, there was one supervisor (in white) at the Royal Banquet Hall who raised his voice and was pretty rude in his reply when approached. 2. Number of food options curtailed with several restaurants closed.3. A number of rides and facilities were also closed during the visits. 4. Numerous mistakes at shows such as Festival of the Lion King and Mickey and the Wondrous Book. For example, singing was not in sync with the music and often out of tune. Dancing was not in sync as well. Overall, the experience at the theme park was marred by the unfortunate incidents. Its small. the rides are ok. If you been to the American one then dont even think about this. The staff is not so friendly which is a bit ironic! Nothing for vegetarians except popcornSlightly disappointed during our visit to Disney, felt very over priced, and treated 2nd class for being a foreigner. Had fast passes, was told they didn't work, then the next attraction accepted it, I mentioned they should tell the co workers at the Buzz Light year ride...I was approached by the manager for more detail, which was interesting...but a true apology would mean more...my intent was not to get anyone in trouble, just...well it felt discriminatory. The line up for photo with Mickey and Minnie at 2:34 minutes, well nice but not that nice.. Photo Pass cards with no photos to add to the collection, only 3 of 6 cards worked..so for a favorite stop in my passed, it's not shining like it used too...maybe Florida next timeUpon entry to the Hong Kong Disneyland, there were many restrictions.  No selfie stick allowed to be used inside.  No outside food allowed, very strict checks in hand carry bags.What happened if those who are on different diet, example vegetarian, there are no pure vegetarian food available.  Will not visit again if given the choice.Having been to Disneyland in California and Disney World in Florida, this place is too small that you wouldn't need a day to see everything. The day and night parades were too short that watching them became a waste of time. Unless this is the first Disneyland that you will visit, going here would be futile.Nice buildings in disney style. Only a few disney figures. We only saw Mickey, Miney, Pluto and some of the princesses like cinderella and one other. I expected more from the Disney stories like the family duck, goody, newer stories. Toys r us etc.Some attractions where you have to wait a long time before you can go in. Everywhere you are overloaded with souvenir stores. There where too many in my opinion. No buildings from the movies.Try to go in a better season. There was a lot of maintanance.The park was clean. And expectations where high as i thought it will be better than euro disney...but by far is Hong Kong DL an smaller and really boring park. We went there on an monday out of season an i can just imagine how people will lay on eachother on an chinese new year or other peak days....my godness never again!!I was speechless when I arrived, even when I had yet to enter the disneyland. The other tourists around me were yelling at the top of their voices in the mtr, totally oblivious to the fact that it was a shared space and it was one of the most headache inducing 15 min of my life. When we queued to enter, I was shoved and nobody seemed to care that they had pushed someone. I mean.. what's the rush if everyone got a ticket. The facilities were decent and I thought they would have been good if they attracted more civilised culture to the area. Toilets were beyond gross and wet. Food was decent, but I would rather fly to Japan for their Disneyland than fight it out with this bunch here. Well , at first we were happy when we arrive at disney station, but when we get up to the main gate, it was SO HOT! We did not prepare for the sun heat. The rides was ok , the food and drink was so pricey. I thought sleeping beauty castle was bigger and higher. Toilet smells urinate. Its better that people to go to Parus, or US disney to experience better park.As an avid Disney fan, I was very disappointed primarily by the size of this small park (compared to the US EU parks). Other than the size, same superb qualityFound the place so in Disney! Give it a miss, go either to Japan Disney or Euro Disney which is amazingMore like a big merchandising area with a few attractions for kids from 3 to 7 years. No real roller coaster, actually no attraction for people older than 12 at all. But my boys, 2 and 4, had fun. Queuing was OK, because it was off season. The rides mostly took les than 2 minutes, the time in between the rides was much longer... It wasn't painful, but if you expect a similar experience to european or US theme parks, then it is disappointing.Having visited Disneyland Florida many years ago I was expecting a similair experience.Unfortunately Disneyland Hong Kong felt dated, basic & underwhelming.The characters were very professional and my 6 yr old daughter was pleased.This is a place for children under 10 yrs old offering little for teenagers or adults to enjoy.80 percent of the food halls were closed on our visit and the two we ate in were a nightmare. Aweful food, truly terrible, expensive and unclean.The day we visited was EXTREMELY hot, and the park didn't seem prepared for the heat. Some ride lines had fans but not enough. As English speakers, we found no problems at all throughout the day with language. well over half the restaurants were closed and only ONE had a western food option, defiantly do not go to Disneyland for the food!Mystic manor was our favorite ride, and it's a Hong Kong exclusive!Took my kids there, long lines and boring rides, and they don't even have the haunted house....I won't go there again.IMO very badBeen to japan one and hk seems to be very pale in comparisionKids always enjoy the parade but the parade at 3pm only feature1   mickey2   minnie3   goofyWhilst the park at tokyo feature the entire cast of the parksAlso due to low season, a lot of eateries not openWeather is hot to enjoy the ridesRecommend go in cooling seasonVisited with 2 young children. Train to Disneyland is nice. Visited on wkday and not much crowd, short waiting time. Some pushcarts and a few eating places not operating. No selfie stick is allow. The food are expensive. 99% of the staff( fr restaurant or shops or rides assiatance) we came by are unfriendly, no smile and rude. The 1st rude staff is at the self  help ticketing station who keep saying 'no no no no' while walking towards us. These staff really spoil our day. Put on mozzie patch or repellent. Me and my hubby got biten all over the legs which the red spots last many days.Most of the rides are for young children, not much for adult. 2 days visit is good if u want a more relax trip especially with children. We spent 3 4 of the day during the 1st day and half a day on 2nd day for night view. Our verdict: japan disneyland is so much better and fun. Will not revisit in the next few yrs.HKG Disneyland was an expensive disappointment. Time and money better spent !  Go to Ocean Park.  Especially if your hotel is on the Island side.It was my first visit to Disneyland so we do not know what to expect. went with extended family with 3 toddler. did not expect Hong Kong Disneyland to be influx with mainland China customer which cut queue, pushing from behind all the while in Disneyland. working staff is way too little, did not have anyone to control the crowds and their behaviour. it was just a very bad experience at Disneyland. Food was terrible yet at exorbitant price. definitely will not recommend any tourist to visit. it will be a whole day wasted.The price to get in here was pretty steep for what you get for it. The Gulch mine cart ride was well worth it and the boat trip around the island at adventure land (I think) was entertaining. The Star Wars ride was thrilling through pitch darkness but the wait for this ride was ridiculous and no fans or coolers to keep such a large number of people cool in high heat and humidity while they wait. We just waited for long periods of time in line after line for short rides. There weren't too many spots to sit down to rest and you could only buy the designated branded items on sale at their high prices for food and drinks. The family were pretty frazzled by early afternoon and we pulled the pin only to have to wait in lines for the train to stand all the way back to the hotel. yes this is the smallest of the disney parks, do you need a fully day here, well no. It was busy and hot and several rides had broken down including the rollercoaster and also the car racer in toy story land. They also closed 3 lands at 5pm for a private function, if i knew that I would not have booked as this was not on the website!Visited Hong Kong Disneyland with my husband and three children, ages 7, 5, and 2. We had a beautiful, albeit very warm, day at the park. Having been to Disney World in Orlando several times, this park was much smaller scale and was a bit underwhelming by comparison. At the outset, we were frustrated because my husband purchased tickets to the park online upon our arrival at the park, and we were told we would have to wait one hour before we could gain entry, even though he had received a confirmation of purchase. Not what we wanted to hear when we had three eager children at the gates. We were really disappointed by the lack of characters to be found around the park. Plus, we tried to visit with Mickey and Minnie, Pluto and Jessie from Toy Story, and each time we were told to come back later, as they were closing for a break. It was a little frustrating that they don't have replacements available. We waited in long lines  generally 30 minutes to an hour for each ride  but we were there the day after a Chinese holiday so it is possible that we encountered higher than normal crowd volumes. This meant that in the 7 hours we stayed, we only rode 7 rides, and took one breaks for a beverage and one for lunch. In addition, they shut down three sections of the park at 4:30 for special events, which undoubtedly also contributed to overcrowding of the rides. The bad news covered, Toy Story Land was very unique and creatively designed, the park was well maintained, and the smaller size of the park made it manageable to navigate in one day, but I would not make a special effort to return.Did not think it's worth the money,does not compare to other Disney parks.Very compact and would not like to be their in peak season.The staff in the main are good and polite but board stiff (sorry disney)The site and toilets are very clean ,be prepared to Que for the few rides on the parkwould I go again NOIt's okay, it's small, are the rides shorter cause they feel shorter ?  I wunder if Shanghai Disney is a better day out .The park is so small, with so few people and performances that it is almost depressing. There are no new rides there either so if you are a long time Disney person you won't find anything new or exciting. You will be much more pleased with Shanghai Disney which is only a short two hour flight away.Part of it why I didnt enjoyed was because it was raining the day I went. And I found out they charged for the raincoat at HKD 65, and some of their rides are even closed.My only comparison is the Disney land Paris which is huge comparing HK one.The most action oriented activity are the mine and the space roller coaster but they are both small and not that exceptional.Would work with the very young kids.For teens or adult it's boring...I decide to go see this attraction to compare the ones in Anaheim and Florida ! Sad to say it's a total bust ! Long walk from parking to Disney Entrance gate ! Some major attraction were closed for maintenance! Long long lines to ride most rides! Food was total overcharge and plain average! Service ? Hah hah they think they doing u service by pointing out where I want go? So pity enough said about the Disney I remembered in USA ! That's a must see if u have young ones ! Really so pity! AndreIt's a little difficult to describe the experience there... A lot of good things in the park, but a lot of bad things either... the staff is great and helpful... The food court is to avoid... The toilets needs to be cleaned more often, the attractions are typically Disney... Unbelievably expensive merchandise... Great fireworks at night... Disney is a long way on the MTR but , it's still quick, when you get there the park entrance is a bit of a walk,    once there you will be in a fair size Q to get your ticket, when you get in there isn't much to do if your comparing it with any Disney park in Florida, we stayed at the Hollywood hotel for a night, it was fine as you would expect, it's a pity the hotel isn't closer to the park, when you get off the MTR you have to get in a Q for the bus to take you to the hotel, when you have checked in you get the bus back to the MTR station then you walk to the park entrance, once your there you can fight your way round the few attractions there are, the park when we visited seemed very overcrowded it was like sardines, too many people for the size of venue, getting back to the hotel was walk to the bus which is at the MTR Q up and get the bus to the hotel, quite a bit of faffing about for staying at a Disney hotel, they should have provided dedicated buses from the park To the hotels, Getting on the MTR for your return journey is again another Q and a wait, and it was hot, not a good combination.Iv only given this attraction a 2 but this might be because we have been to Disney in Florida and it's different.I've only ever been to Paris Disneyland before HK Disneyland and when I compare it to that, HK is pretty disappointing. The excitement starts when you get on the Disneyland train of course and when you arrive, but when I saw the size of the castle I just laughed, that set the tone for the day.I was only able to go on a few rides and they were all very tame. To me it felt like it was missing a couple of exciting adult rides. The park itself is quite small and you can get around within 4 5 hours so it seemed to be better to go later in the day so that you could stay for the late show.Souvenirs were more for kids and greatly lacking in adult gifts, like glass items or other collectibles, couldn't even find any snowglobes.This place is an alcohol free zone alsoAs a Disney lover, I was so disappointed with Hong Kong Disney. With its next to no rides, disinterested staff, and general lack of spark and character, there was no magic to this kingdom.It's not what you expect from Disneyland, quite small, crowded of course and little boring also for kidsSorry, but I am not a big fan. It's part of the Disney corporation which simply fleeces people and families for nothing. The rides at HK Disney are nothing special, the food is terrible and they try to sell you plastic trash at every opportunity. Avoid. If you want to go to something like this visit 'Ocean Park'   it's 100 times better, easier to get to and educational, as well as having many more rides.I remember visiting HK quite a number of years back with the school trip.This is the first Disney Land I have ever been to, most of the rides is short but fun.At the end of the day, there's a 10 15mins long of fireworks, it was spectacular and beautiful. If this is your first time visiting a Disneyland and never been to any before, you surely will be left in amaze and wow.But after been to several DL around the world, I had to say, this is one of the  smaller  version with shorter rides. It's tough call esp after you've visit several better ones around the world. But nonetheless, it's still a pleasant experience and a legit DL park compare to the rip off CN version.was there with some friends for a long weekend, only wait for attractions , waiting waiting waiting. was a nice day not a holiday, chosen by purpose, but still very disapointingWe visited HK Disneyland in the month of July, I'm guessing it was school holidays in neighbouring China, so there were hoards of Chinese tourists. The queues were Long and we had to wait a minimum of 45 minutes for each ride, the queues were very badly managed by the Disneyland authorities. Some of the quiet were suffocating as there were no fans even and hardly any place to stand due to the winding queues. To add to it, the Neighbouring crowd were very noisy and had total disregard for others, and were happily cutting queues at every opportunity without any guilt or consideration for young kids who were standing on the line.We managed only a few rides for our 7 year old Daughter due to the Long queues, however the evening parade and the fireworks display was a treat to watch and made up for the day's misery.We live in Japan and decided to hop over to Hong Kong and check out Hong Kong Disneyland. We went to Hong Kong Disneyland with two kids ages 7 and 4. The actual entrance is down a long pathway that takes 10 minutes to get to from the hotel drop off point. We were told the park opened at 10:30 so we arrived 45 minutes before rope drop time. But we when got there, people were already allowed into the park. Which was strange. We went on a weekday and even though the park opened at 1030. Toy Story land didn't open until 11 and closed early at 8. Many restaurants were closed but we weren't sure if they were closed because it was a weekday. We wanted to eat at Explores Club restaurant but it didn't open until 12. We notice many snack food stands did not open until 12. We rented a stroller inside the park which cost $100HKD   $100HKD deposit you will get back when you return the stroller. If you want to do Jedi Training for ages 4 12 do the sign up first thing when you get in because it will get full. We bought tickets at DisneyLand Hollywood Hotel the night before. We generally don't go to the most popular rides first we went until the end of the night when the crowds die down and there isn't a huge wait. One of the most popular rides is The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh that is also a FP but we opted to go right after the night parade and the wait was only 15 minutes. The Buzz Light Year ride we went right before the firework show at 8:50 and there was no wait. The kids loved ToyStory land and went right when it opened at 11 and we waited only 5 minutes for the rides. You are allowed to bring in food and drinks. Personal space does not exist and people will be literally on top of you when you are in line. We watched Festival of the Lion King which is great and we waited outside. We didn't understand why we couldn't wait inside the air conditioned theatre. People will try and cut in line so beware. Our little 4 year got pushed by adults because she walked too slow. We had to carry her prior to waiting for shows because she almost got trampled. Would I recommend going to Hong Kong Disneyland? No. If you have a chance go to Tokyo Disneyland and DisneySea. Even though it crowded people are polite and wait their turn. every time i went to Hong Kong, i went to Disney.and the last time i went was disappointing.The staff were very rude, i think 80 percent the staff were rude, they did not only rude with me, but with my sons, nephew, sister, parents and with the other customer.I know it was very hot in July, but they must have some standard to take care of that matter.Many other customer don't like to queuingThis Disney land is a pore copy of the real Disney land in America. The rides are very short and have to wait in queues in stifling heat for 20 minutes until you get inside for another 20 minutes wait in the air con then a 60 second ride. At 358 hkd it is not good value. I won't be going back.We were so excited about this day trip that we planned. It is very expensive and my older kids (23 and 21) found that there is not enough rides for young adults. In comparison to the one in Singapore this was not worth the time or money. The cooldrinks and water was over prized. Will not recommend Hong Kong DisneylandI went here last year as I'm a Disney fan the travel agent said to get a 2 day pass not worth it as it smaller then the other Disney l went for the day instead as there was a category 3 typhoon was arriving so it was raining they closed the rides only thing that was open was the shops.They don't cater for westerns and the don't understand English.If you have been to other Disneyland, keep your expectations low when visiting Disneyland Hong Kong.Featuring only a few attractions, smaller land area and water downed rides (uhmm yes... I'm talking about Mystic Manor). You can't help but compare this to other theme parks and Universal Studios SG offers more than this one.On the plus side, well there's no long queue here for the  It's a small world  attraction.We were disappointed in our visit here. With children over 11 being Adult prices it was an expesive day.....particularly the food and drink prices. We were there during extreme heat so didn't get to see everything because it was just too hot. Waiting in ques for rides was so hot   no relief from the heat. (Unlike the Gold Coast theme parks in Australia where there is water mist and fans to cool you) Our 13 and 15 year olds were simply too old for this place and we would have been better off sightseeing elsewhere and saving ourselves a stack of $.Nothing special if u had earlier visited another Disney. But for children good place to enjoy. Lot to walk. Pick discount coupons near inside entrance to avail discount on soft drinks etc. lol for them n ask for coupons . Jungle ride good. Tarzan good for kids. Don't leave ur belongings. Careful. Carry water enough   2 bottles per head. Usual Disneyland affair but disappointing as it is a lot smaller than other Disney affairs e.g. Florida. This makes the experience much less real as you can see the mountains etc   so you know you are not in DL but actually in a theme park in Hong Kong.At least the tube station was fun with Mickey Mouse themes throughout.I wouldn't recommend it but if you are a Disney fan then it might be worth a visit just to say  I've been My Daughter had been wanting to go to Disneyland for quite some time so this year we decided to celebrate her birthday at Disneyland. We went in the month of June and it was Super hot. We were literally burning. It's all in the open, there are no shaded areas. Thus we were so tired in just 2 3 hours. Could not really enjoy anything. Except for the princess show which was in the auditorium, I didn't really like anything over there. It's not worth the price we have to pay. My kids also didn't really enjoy much. we were there as 5 kids and 4 adults and entering there we were told we can use our ticket to only one ride for priority and later found it they only have winne the pooh show seperate priority lines that too has limited time entry and a wait time of 1 hour in priority.. by the time we had reached there that line too was closed for the day..in all we cud only do two attractions such was the waiting time..ocean park is much better as we atleast spend time to enjoy rides...felt like cheated This is the smallest disneyland ever, the staff are very unpleasant! Boring staff! Dissapointed with the refurbishment of tomorrowland! A very small Magic Kingdom! The knky good thing maybe is the transportation by MTR and the shop in the main street section and they have a short fireworks dont waste your time watching that!Visited in 2010, and with a 3 year old. No evidence visited with 9 year old and 2.5 year old Sister. The atmosphere is totally different. The Disney Magic is lost. Used to like the loud Disney songs that is played the moment you reach the main gate,but this time round, the music was soft and not continuous. Stayed one night in Disneyland hotel, hotel was old and worn out, and worse, the sewage smell was horrible. Service crew were all angry folks and you can see that they are unhappy, for some reasons. Rather disappointing. Disney has lost its charm.Having been to California Disney many times, Hong Kong pales in comparison by far. Fewer rides, different vibe, awful food. If you have time and want to spend the money, go. Just know what you're in for. We struggled to find enough to do for 5 hours, rode a few rides multiple times even, and were done. We went in November when the weather was decent and found it warm. Cannot imagine going in the heat, let alone with children. The park is small and some great rides closed in the limited number of rides that they have. The biggest thing missing in the park is the not so friendly staff missing the expected Disney smile and courtesy be it the ride operators or folks in the restaurants. Not recommended if you are a big fan of the  Happiest place on Earth  way of functioning of US Disney parks which they take literally This is the second Disneyland I have been to after the one in Anaheim. It was my first trip to Hong Kong however and perhaps the review I'm leaving is due to having not experienced the culture here or the people, but it was my experience.The pushing and shoving to get onto each ride was ridiculous. Mothers yanking their screaming children past others to get good seats. I was trodden on multiple times, had my face scratched by umbrellas and selfie sticks (which are prohibited but not policed). On every ride we went on all you could see were the flashes from cameras. On the Mystic Manor ride you couldn't see the projections because everyone was filming it.Aside from the other people there, half of the park was not open. There was a typhoon warning 3 when we arrived and were told none of the outdoor rides would be open at all. Then when we left at 2pm we were told the outdoor rides were about to open (good thing we didn't leave). All the while all of tomorrow land was closed.We ended up going on about 4 rides multiple times as they were our only options, while getting pushed and shoved and blinded by flashes.this was our 3rd time and went there to check the new attractions. the day was almost enjoyable until we had our lunch at Clopins festival of foods   particularly this lady and guy manning the centre portion of the fast food. THEY WERE SO RUDE! Now am not surprised why this place is loosing to Ocean park its because of these types of people with ill manners and bigots! Disney needs to call their attention and have them re trained to be customer oriented.There's nothing special. Too expensive. The most popular attractions were closed. It wasn't beautiful the whole park. Better visit Paris or Tokyo Disney. I was disappointed and felt like throwing my money into a garbage bin.We visited on Monday only to find 2 of the main rides closed (space mountain and the runaway train) We were only advised of this after we purchased our tickets Considering the park is so small this led to a very disappointing dayThere were no details of this on the website and no ticket reduction offeredIf we had been made aware of the closures we could have arrange an alternative date when I'm sure would have fully enjoyed the Disney experience despite it being a small park.Went there and it was SLIGHTLY drizzling. It was signal number 3 (this was posted but no further details or notes added). Upon paying and entering we found out that NO outdoor rides would open that they and at around 12NN they announced that the fireworks is cancelled. We went home at around 1PM and saw that the line was still long at the entrance, the customers had no idea that Disneyland rides were not to be used that day.A sign outside along the signal number 3 should have been put. What a waste of HK549 and HK109 (food). I went to HK for this.This was my 2nd time there. I bought the combo entrance from a website 'klook' which was inclusive of the entrance fee & a meal. As there are 13 of us which some were muslims, the only halal cafe will be the one at the Adventureland...& it was closed on that day. It wasnt stated on the Disneyland website or neither am I been notified or been highlighted that the cafe will be closed on that day (when i actually hv to specify the date i am going upon booking). We hv to search high & low for a halal cafe & was given ONLY 2 choices of meal which indeed was lousy taste. Some of the games were closed & the rest does not meet my expectations. So as the parade too...very boring. I visit Disney on Thursday at 10.00 am its was not crowded put most of the things was closed to 12.00 and its so smaller than the one in France ..and there wasn't international food only local food ..and fish smell all over the place. .its waste of time i don't recommend it at all. Was really excited to visit disneyland however 2 of the first roller coaster rides we visited were out of order for the whole month.. no good to me.. we continued on and went on a few rides, but each ride had about a 20   45 minute wait. U spent majority of your time in lines than actually enjoying the park. (need a whole day to really enjoy everything)I did enquire about an express pass.. but they said none left. which didn't make much sense to me considering when i entered there actually wasn't an express line.If you've done the real thing in Los Angeles then be prepared to be disappointed. It's just not the same. The rides are obviously tailored for local attraction and not what westerners would think are really great. Not a whole lot to do, it was very basic, and for the price we thought very let down by a Disney product. I wouldn't recommend to anyone wanting the Disney experience to go here. Food  no good, rides  no good, Disney feel  nope not at all. The locals may like it, we didn't. Having said that you are in Hong Kong.Much more of an expensive place than the states.Water, ice creams, meals etc overpriced but so is Paris, Tokyo,Having taken my children to them all over the years, if I see mickey mouse I might have to kill him..Bottom line, kids love it Disney know how to put on a parade and if i was still six i'd probably stay all week instead of being dragged round Kowloon by my dad.This is the second Disney land I have visited after Orlando and I didn't like it again. Those parks are just overrated with too many people and little rides.For the rides you need to wait for long time and even for kids is not so much to see.Prices in the park are as usual overpriced as well. If you are in HK just a short time go to Ocean park which is a bit better. We love theme parks and have visited several theme parks around the world. Unfortunately this is the worst we've been so far. This was our second visit to Disneyland in Hong Kong. The park was overcrowded with long queus. Due to the guests from mainland China there was a lot of queue jumping which resulted in a lot of fighting and pushing. The staff of the park did nothing to control these people. We stayed for four days but after day two my children did not want to go to the park anymore due to these rude, unbehaved guests from the mainland. Toilets are disgusting with human feces on the floors   again due to these uncivilized guests. The staff are rude and not all of them can speak English. They shout and scream at everyone. It was hot and all queues are in the sun. So be prepared to stand for hours in the sun in a queue with people pushing and breathing on you. I cannot recommend this park to anyone with small children. During the parades adults are pushing you. On more than one occasion I almost dropped my child due this. I visited this park about seven years ago and it was totally different. It definitely worsened over the years. If you are looking for a fun filled family vacation at a theme park, please AVOID this one at all cost. Rather go to the more civilized Disneyland in Tokyo.We were quite excited to come here and getting here was super easy on the MTR underground and overground. However we sadly slightly disappointed as we were expecting more Disney characters walking around. My daughter really wanted to see the Frozen characters which were advertised on the website as being in Fanstasy land but when we got there we could see Sophia the princess working her socks off, but the Frozen sister's were nowhere to be seen. The rides are ok but nothing amazing for a 4 year old. Visited HK Disney Land with a close friend, though after the short train ride from HK to the station then onto the Disney Train there was nothing Special .. Once we entered we notice all the rides and attractions were Geared for young Children of 11years and below.. I feel that there are a lot better theme parks that cater for all ages.. Maybe they are just living off the name  Disney Land  will not return or recommend Hong Kong Disneyland is not very big, it's ok for one day visit with kids but it's a bit overwhelming with mainland tour groups who skip the queues over your children for kids rides!Prepaid for a 2 day ticket but was only issued a 1 day ticket at the park. Cost us 2 hours to fix at the gate on the second day with a toddler which was so cranky after waiting that long in the rain. Not what you want when traveling on a short trip. They did offer a fast pass onto all the rides which was then rejected by all the park attendants once we were inside so we spent even longer messing around once in the park. Sent emails upon our return and also got no responses. Disappointing with the organization and service but the park is a good size for a 1 or 2 day visit.Don't go if you have ever been to Disneyland USA. This place is so small and has no atmosphere of Disney USA.We went there in rainy day so it wasn't crowded and most of the shows was cancelled it was really small and the crew was rude not helpful and not flexible with young children i will not go there again other Disneyland much more betterThis Disney park is the least interesting of all Disneylands in the world, and also the smallest one. It caters only for the youngest ones, with almost no rides and thrills for older.  Far better option is the Ocean Park (see my review for it).A very average Disney. This is our third visit and whilst incredibly convenient if you live in this region this is not a great Disney. It is quite small and overrun with rude tourists who have no manners. They push shove and cut lines which can become infuriating after awhile. The food is also abominable. We were there for 5 days and on the last day we really couldn't face eating more slop. All that said our 4 year old still loves it. Disney is Disney. But I doubt we will be back. The Disney is Japan is incomparably better. Fell short of expectations, kids did not even enjoy, the pipe in music all over the resort got to ones nerves. Over priced food and limited selection. Might be worth a quick visit with I small kids but that is all in our opinion. Have been there twice since they opened but same verdict.Upon boarding the MTR train to Disneyland you are attracted to the specialised Disney themed train which only has one stop so there is no possibility of getting lost.It was a poor copy of Disneyworld, the street shows were overcrowded and young children could not see the performances properly. There were too many mainland tourists which made the visit even more difficult.The food was overpriced (expected) but more than double from outside was a bit steep. They did not allow food drink from outside.Anyone thinking of going should be warned there even weekdays there are many school group visits, it took us over an hour to get in on a weekdayThis was my first visit to HK Disneyland. I have previously been to all other Disney parks (Florida, California, Paris, Tokyo) at least 2 times each park. So I know a little bit about Disney parks.My daughter and I visited HK Disneyland in August 2015. The weather was warm and waiting for rides was an uncomfortable experience. For example, the waiting area for the Jungle River Cruise was a shaded area that only had 2 fans. With many people waiting for their turn for the ride, the air was very stall and it was uncomfortable even to breath normally while waiting for the ride. We went in the English language Jungle River Cruise. I have been to this ride in other Disney parks previously. This ride is normally very entertaining and the comments by the guide are generally funny. Not in HK Disneyland. The guide was not using a PA system and it was difficult to hear him clearly. What I was able to hear of his commentary was not funny or entertaining at all. (Yes, his English accent was also very bad).The park is small compared to other Disney parks, and has limited rides. Many of the rides were the merry go round type of rides e.g. Dumbo, Orbitron, Cinderella Carousel, tea Cups, Slinky Dog Spin. These rides may have been fun 50 years ago, but they do not appeal too much to the younger generation these days. Disney needs to come up with new ideas for their rides.The light parade at night is normally one of the highlights of Disney parks. Not in HK Disneyland. The parade only had a limited number of floats and was over in around 15 minutes.The fireworks display at near the closing time is also normally a highlight of Disney parks. Not in HK Disneyland. The fireworks here were basic type and only lasted a few minutes.As in other Disney parks, food and beverages in HK Disneyland were overpriced.Another negative point here is that many people did not want to queue up in waiting lines and they would jump the lines. This would happen while the Disney park attendants were around. The attendants never intervened to stop people from jumping the lines. RUDE.Overall, our experience was not a good one at all. If you have been to other Disney parks, please skip this one. If this is going to be your only Disney experience, please be ready for limited rides, bad management of park facilities and people jumping the queuing lines while park attendants not enforcing any disciple. One last word to Disney Management; your REALLY need to come up with new ideas for new rides and attractions if you want to retain you park visitors.Bad experience as the staffs service was not friendly and food is lousy. Overall experience bad. Will not recommend any friends nor family there. It's just disappointment.Don't expect a massive Disney experience, this is the smallest of the Disneylands and doesn't have many rides outside of the really kid friendly one. Large amounts of empty space, gives a sense that the park is half built and that grand plans were not met. One benefit is that on a week day every ride had a wait of less then 5 minutes. Also the temperature on the day we were there was mid 30's and it seems there isn't a huge amount of shelter to stay out of the sun and with vast gaps in the park you have to walk a long distance in the sun between rides. We were very disappointed with the service at the souvenir shop. We bought mugs and after paying asked the cashier if he could pack it in a box or bubble wrap and all he could respond was do you need a bag despite explaining to him (in Cantonese) we were travelling by plane. After much argument, he reluctantly takes out the bubble wrap to wrap the mugs . What disappointing service for Disneyland. Furthermore the water coolers at the entrance was rusty and filthy. Also we had to queue for 2 hours before we could take a picture with Mickey and Minnie. May be more time efficient if they had more stations for the photo taking as the 2 hrs wait included 4 rounds of Mickey and Minnie going in and out to  change . A waste of time for visitors. Upon entry was told that all outdoor rides will not be available due to Typhoon 3 but what choice do I have because it's the 7th day of 2 Day ticket which I'm holding.To my surprise (forgot actual name) train ride, merry go round, teacup etc are also consider outdoor rides!We spent a half day there earlier this week ( we had been planning a full day but left early because it was so boring). Having been to all the other Disneys (with the exception of Japan) I was looking forward to another great experience. I was expecting a smaller park ( something like EuroDisney) but was REALLY disappointed by just how little there was to do in the Hong Kong offering. It looks as though they have just taken all their  baby  rides from the other resorts and tried to pass them off as the full Disney experience. As an adult couple the only rides worth taking were Space Mountain, The run away mine cart and Mystic Manor. We queued for over an hour for  Autopia  only to find that the ride consisted of driving an electric pedal car around a railed track at a maximum speed of about 3km  hour. BORING!!!!!!!!!!!! There were none of the usual aatractions Pirates of the Caribbean, Indiana Jones, Small World, Peter Pan, singing bears etc etc  basically, if you enjoyed it at the other Disneys you won't find it here. If you are travelling as an adult couple and don't have kids under 10 you should go to Ocean Park instead. We are now planning to spend the last day of our trip there as I've heard they really cater for the adult market  lots of roller coasters etc. it seems Hong Kong Disney has decided to focus on the toddler end of the market  which is OK if they don't mind warning customers before they pay out $400 HKD !!! I am sure even kids around 10 years old would get very bored here after an hour or so. I'm very sorry to say that Disney have really missed the boat with this one.This park is aimed at families with younger kids so teenagers may find the rides limited.  It is expensive as you'd expect for Disney but it is lacking in the 'magic' that you'll find in Orlando or California.If you have ever been to Tokyo Disneyland, you will definitely feel very disappointed while visiting Hong Kong Disneyland!Food atmosphere souvenir are no good and no surprising. The park is very small and so is the castle of the sleeping beauty. Just save the money to spend on Tokyo one is the better idea to go!The setting and everything are the same but the spirit and magic touch is not there.  You don't feel that you are connected to the casts membersSmaller as compared to the one in USA. This place is packed with China folks and I really advise going there during the holidays.Travelled here with my kids age 5 and 1&1 2. To my disappointment I didn't see any of the classic characters, Mickey, Donald, Minnie etc. Mostly focusdd on the attraktions that requires 50 60 minutes of waiting each, which is to much to ask for from a any kid. I strongly recommend to skip this if travel with small kids, go to Tokyo instead, it's magic!Really small and also expensive, particularly food.   The theatre is 3rd rate.   Little kids will probably enjoy it but adults will know it is not value for money.For what you actually get it's a waste of money. I was curious to see what it was like on my first trip to Hong Kong. The atmosphere is what you'd expect from a Disney park, and it's nice to walk around but in terms of actual attractions it is a bit thin on the ground. By far the worst of the three parks I've been to.Much bigger than I was expecting. Heard so many stories about how small it is, but with small kids it's actually great. Very good for young kids, but older kids would be bored quickly. As usual, food & drinks are exorbitant. Night parade was greatGiving it 2 stars for no wireless internet in the park.This is my first time in disneyland, there is too many people, especially people from china ! omg they dont line up, they p every where ! Even the staff dont care what they did ! I dont think staff a well trained.Over pack with visitors, need to spend long time in queuing up for each of the games.   Even need to queue very long for foods.  Foods is very expensive & tasteless.Too many etiquette challenged guests added to stress of queuing in hot weather. My young 4 year old was treated to a couple of shouting matches, swearing and shoving. Staff preferred not to get involved most cases.  Overall stressful and unpleasant.It was a public holiday and the park was full, with lots of excursions and people from mainland China. From the high price of the tickets (and that's where the waiting lines start) to every attraction, you can easily spend almost all day waiting to see or ride some of them. Even the children get bored of waiting, and after some hours they're the ones asking the parents to leave.I was at the Disneyland Park in California and it was much better, still a lot of people but not so much waiting. And there they have some very good rides, comparing to these in Hong Kong. They're childish and mostly appeal to the kids, but maybe that's the idea   although the children don't visit the park by themselves?!Oh and the food is also not so good, almost every stall has the same stuff (and sometimes also waiting lines, hey even to go to the toilet you have to wait!)As a Disney Park enthusiast, I have to say this was a huge letdown. We came early, around 10am and rushed to ride the Buzz Light Year ride, which was pretty alike to the Florida attraction. After I came off the ride, I was surprised to learn that all the attractions had been shut down due to technical failures and there was no estimated time that rides would be back up. I left after less than 2 hours in the park. This park doesn't even quality for a comparison to its Florida or Cali counterparts, nor does it deserve to bear the Disney name.After 24 days of travel in China, I decided to satisfy my daughter's insistent requests to visit Hong Kong Disneyland. Well, that was a disappointment: the park is very small, expecially when compared to the ones in the US, and, considering the number of visitors, the time spent in the heat queuing can soon become unbearable (only 2 attractions offer fastpass). The cost of the entrance ticket is huge and even drinks and food are quite expensiive.I also found the park lacking some of that special Disney atmosphere which makes Disney theme parks unique and attractive not only to kids but also to adults.The park is very clean and, unlike other reviewers, we did not have any problems with the local visitors.It's the usual Disney experience but be prepared for a few extras, like pushing, shouting and spitting Chinese tourists. Trying to get a table for food is chaos. The food selection and taste is pretty poor anyway.Worth a day, but nothing more and it's a poor relation to it's bigger siblings in the USA.I'd held off going to Disney for years. But I was finally convinced to give it a go. I'd previously enjoyed the Disney resorts in Paris, Tokyo and the USA. Firstly, this place is tiny compared with the others and has a lot less to do or see. Further, the day I went it was over crowded to the point of being uncomfortable. The unappealing food on offer is expensive. I was surprised to see people smoking. Apparently smoking is allowed in designated areas, however the rules don't appear to be enforced with people smoking in the line for rides. The staff appeared unwilling to do anything about this. I won't be back.This Disneyparc is too small and overcrowded with China mainland visitors. We have seen 2 other Disneyparcs and our kinds loved those. In this parc they wanted to leave after lunch and go back to Ocean Parc   Homg Kong islandToo small, too crowded, bad food.  Long lineups and some tourists are too eager and tried to jump the queue.Good...1. The theme park is well maintained. Facility is accessible and clean.2. Staff are friendly and well presented, professional.3. Close to airport and Disney styled subway is fantastic.Bad...1. Admission is too expensive.2. Packed with nasty visitors. Queue jumping happens all the time. There are nasty people purposely enter your view when taking photos. Someone worse even dare to tell you move away (unfriendly) because they want to take pictures. Completely disasters!!3. Games are not exciting enough. I guess it's because they need to care about younger kids.4. Food is expensive. Although you would expect that but management can control it better.I believe it can be demographic issue, since I never come across all these bad things in American and Japanese Disneyland.Good luck.I came several times and used to enjoy it more, the rides and shows are still great but it's truly getting too over crowded and staff are less and less friendly in a supposed to be a happy place.What do you expect? It is Disneyland. It is small compare to its north America counterpart. Quiet crowded I would say. Especially when you come in some Chinese public holiday like may first or the national day. Usually a long queue for rides unless you choose ur visit day wisely. Weekdays are better and go early or better late must package tour leave before 1600. I go there because I have a kid of 32 months and my wife like Disney character. It is not bad a place to relax and have a little bit of fun when it is not crowded. But why read the review? You will go anyway if you have planned to go. You won't go if Disney is not your cup of tea. My point is you got what you ask for. But not much more.I shamelessly enjoy the Disney parks all over the world, as a child, and now as an adult. HK Disney falls short, however. It is SO crowded, and even with the long lines, it takes about half of a day to see everything. I love the magic of Disney, but HK just hasn't managed to capture it.We did it so the children can tick it off. Would I ever recommend it   no unless I lived in Hong Kong.It is beautifully landscaped and clean and easy to get to. Apart from that it is aimed at sub 8yo I would guess and for that it is well done. It is Disney it's expensive for all things   entry,memorabilia and food.Buy tickets online,it helps a bit. We deliberately avoided the weekend so the queues were tolerable.There are other theme parks more worthy in Hong Kong.We went to disney hong kong as a lot of people say is very nice. We went on monday which was a good choice because it was not busy. When we came in and arrived at main street i excpected that this where real buildings but most of them are just front panels with on top plastic printed canvas looked cheap. As we are a family of 3 and our kid is 11 years old he looks for rides but all in all there where maybe 8 or 10 rides which he likes or are fun for him. We Walked all the park and within 4 hours you seen every thing. You would think the disney figures would walk the park but no. Also most of the buildings are either food kiosk, restaurants or souvinier shops. The best area is adventure land which is setup nicely. If you are in hong kong and you want to go to attraction go to ocean park much better. For the price 499 for adult it was a disapointmentWe booked our 2days pass tickets in UK via the web site before our holiday in HK. It's really for our 3year old daughter as I've been to the one in Paris and Florida and thought it would be nice to spend some family time in a magical place.Good job we got a 2days pass as the following attractions rides were out of order: lion king show, run away mine train and slinky ride at toy story land. Hopefully lion king show will be available on our 2nd visit.Didn't realise you have to obtain some form of token to be able to join the queue to take photos with the Frozen characters so when we arrive at the area at 2pm we were told all token pass for the day have been all given out and we will have to come back another day.Fingers cross we can get a token on our 2nd visit tomorrow. Overall the Disney experience isn't one of my best in HK, and the park isn't big enough to spend a whole day with the family.HK Disneyland has a relatively small amount of rides compared to other amusement parks. It will be amusing for children till the age of 12 maybe, but teenagers will not find it fun. Most you will need to spend is around 3 hours at the park.We were very disappointed with the fake Cinderella painted on cardboard... It really spoiled the experience (and our pictures) for our trip... Shame on you HK Disneyland, that is just not right, with all the money you make, the least you can do is have a proper castle as the center of your park!I've been here twice already. So I get a bit of a comparison. Attraction wise not much have changed since my first visit around 5 years before. So it seems that HK Disneyland does not progress very quick. It even has less entertainment going now. Previously there are lots more entertainers going about the park, such as the princesses taking photos with the kids, bands using garbage can, guys on stilts, and so on. The second time, we only got Chip right beside the entrance taking photo, and later on Stitch in the area. No other entertainer met during our whole day there. and it seems a massive decrease of entertainers compared to 5 years ago. That's a let down for us and our kids, since we are hoping to meet a lot of characters from the Disney World.But the real problem lies in the queues. On average we need around 30 40minutes queuing time for each ride. and there are no express lane. there is a system of gaining a fast pass ticket for some of the more popular rides, where it states at what time you should get back to have fast entry to the rides. although this is quite good, the problem is you cannot get any other fast pass before the one you held earlier expires... this is a major problem. For example, I took a fast pas on 12pm, and the fast pass state that I need to get back to the ride at 2.30 3.30pm. now this is definitely too long (2,5 hours) so I need to get back to the ride at 2.30pm and ride it (or wait until it expires at 3.30pm) before I can take another fast pass to another ride. you can imagine if I take another fast pass at 2.30pm it will require me to get back again at 4pm. that is too long. and in the meantime via the regular queue we still have to stand in line for 40 minutes each. I spent too much effort while i was there trying to be effective with my time there. I NEED to be effective since I'm there with small children (as with everyone else). after 3 times queuing for 40 minutes each, children will get cranky for taking so long to ride just one attraction. We also got an incident with another group of people that try to cut our queue. We were there patiently waiting in line and trying our best to control our children so that they can also wait patiently in line, and then another family (that doesn't speak English too well) tried to cut in front of us. that is the last straw and we had a scene. although this is not Disneyland direct fault, they should have staff and attention board to notify that everybody should queue in line and may not cut in front of anybody else. this is particularly needed since the influx of non English speaking tourists that tends to also have no decent manners in modern society.overall, Disneyland Hong Kong should not use the tag line  happiest place in the world  anymore. We are definitely not happy while there.Overcrowded, overrated, overpriced.  You should go to Ocean Park instead. More authentic. Never too commercial.  Forget about the Disney dream.I went to Disneyland in US,France and Japan. Here is the smallest compared with all I mentioned.The parades and characters are ok for small kids.The place is crowded with people form mainland China. We had to wait for the long long time.Facilities are alright. Nothing much to buy in souvenir shop.There are not enough shade in the hot day that make us so tired.Avoid if you have chance to visit disneyland in other countries.This is relatively small compared with other Disneyland in the world and packed with tourists from Mainland China 365 days a year. The park itself is ok but if you come from a country with your own Disneyland, skip it in your itinerary.Hong Kong Disneyland is very small in comparing with the Tokyo or in the US. So many people that you have to queue at least two hours for a single activity. Normally, you can have enjoyed one or two activities in the morning, then, find places to eat, then another one or two activities in the afternoon. Then if you want to see the fireworks, you should buy some snacks and then go to find your places to wait. Beware that it is so crowed that you have to wait and wait and wait.And, one more thing you must make sure you don't mind, there are too many visitors from Mainland China, their behaviors, sometimes, are examining your patience and tolerance level.If you can go to other Disneyland, Hong Kong Disneyland is absolutely not your first choice to visit.I think i had been ripped off... went to HK Disneyland and found that the train ride was not available and the Cinderella Castle was made up of Cardboards (upperhalf) but they still charged full price on the tickets...We took our young kids (9, 7 & 4). I thought it was highly disappointing, expensive and the food was awful. Your choices of food were Asian cuisine or Western fast food crap. That was it. We were dying for something fresh.The park itself, the kids were bored of after half a day. It is a very small theme park, not what you expect from a Disney franchise. The theme parks at the Gold Coast are bigger and have more for everyone. When I asked the kids what their highlight of their 3 days in HK was, they all said the cable cars and the Buddha Temple. Go there instead!If it weren't for the lineups, it would take me like 3 hours to go through every thing. The park is really small in compare to other Disneyland parks. There were only a handful of rides you can go for and they are mostly for children 6 years or under. The experience was not impressive and I wouldn't go back in the future at all.Very Disappointing. It took near on two hours of lining up just to get in. Once inside we did not end up going on any of the rides as the signs said the wait time for all rides were around 1 to 1.5 hours. The crowds in the lines and around the park itself were overwhelming. We were expecting to see Mickey Mouse and other Disney folk walking around and mingling with the crowds to add to the atmosphere of Disneyland, however we only saw these characters in the opening parade. After a long exhausting unadventful day of seeing practically nothing and with a two year old who was worn out from all the waiting and walking and still waiting to see  Mickey Mouse  we ended up leaving before the night parade and fireworks. We went on a Friday so maybe if we had gone on a weekday it may not have been as crowded.I went to Disneyland with my family some time in October and I didn't really like I arrived at 11AM and left at about 4PM because it was boring. There were only a few rides and they lasted for a few minutes. The only person that was available to take a picture with was Mickey Mouse. Their were no other characters to take pictures with. The staff were a bit rude.Don't think I'll ever be returning to this Disneyland again.It was a very good place to visit back then, but now it is getting unorganized and the environment getting  polluted    dirty by groups of uncivilized local tourist making the place so uncomfortable to visit now. Any chance to monitor this?HK disneyland is small and not very good. For starters, about half of the buildings on main street USA were wall paper of buildings and not real buildings themselves. It is only worth it for those that have never been to any other Disney Park as this is the worst one of all. I have been to all other Disneyland Disney Worlds, and always felt that one day wasnt enough. With Disney HK, I saw all the attractions and rode all the worthwhile rides in about 3 hours.Hong Kong Disneyland is tiny but yet costly.Very few selection of rides and need to queue for quite some time.In order to spend time more efficiently, I suggest going there after lunch or even later in the afternoon for following reasons (if you won't go for all the rides):1. Avoid overhead sun2. Save money on food and drinks in the park3. Do not need to wait for hours for the night parade4. Great sunsetPayed 150 USD for 2 adults & a kid.   It's only to make money & the amusement is not so special.   If you want to eat or drink calculate a lot of money. It's wasting time there.If you have visited the Disney parks in America, this will be a major disappointment. For example, Main Street did indeed have storefronts on one side of the street, but the other side was a painted canvas! The main Disney Park features are there, but the quality is so poor it does not create the illusion I associate with a Disneyland experience. What was of interest to me is the park was built taking into consideration Feng Shui. If you are a Westerner visiting this park, take the time to understand this feature of the park to distract you from its shortcomings.We didn't like this very much. We were so excited to be going to Disneyland and had prebooked a 2 day pass and didn't even stay for one full day. If you want to buy select Disney products   it is good (not all though). Every  shop front  was another gift shop. If you have extra money to burn and extra time to kill and have never been to another amusement park   then you might enjoy this one. If you have ever been to almost any other park   and if you are from the USA and have even been to a large county fair   you will be disappointed. The few rides there are are very short (slinky dog ride in Toy Story land only made 6 loops around the tiny track, swinging race car ride only swung 3 times). Space Mountain is not similar at all to the one in Orlando, and the two other rides geared more towards older kids (Grizzley Gulch roller coaster and Mystic Manor) were both closed due to technical issues the day we were there. This park does not have that many rides that are of interest to kids over the age of 8 9. Mickey's Philharmonic show was good. We went during the Halloween special time of year and did go through one of the walk through haunted houses and it was ok, but the line was so long for the second walk through haunted house we did not go to it (over an hour wait). The scary storytelling session was  sold out  so fast we did not get to go to it either.The food at this park is way below expectations for a Disney Park. At the suggestion of the staff members (who we ask where are the best places to eat), we went to Royal Banquet Hall and also at the Explorers Club. We are very open to new foods   seek them out in fact   but Disney did not come through with these offerings   blah, and uninspired.Staff members were nice and honest. They told us a one day pass was enough, not to buy two. They told us to just buy 2 of the special 3 for 1 price dining coupons and share with our kids   and they were right that was the best thing to do (guess they knew we would be less than impressed with the food). Restroom on the Tarzan Treehouse Island was in terrible condition (dirty). Other restrooms we went to were acceptable.Over all, unless you are a huge Disney fan and want to check this off as a Disney Status been there   done that park type thing, pass this up and go to another amusement park.We went on a Friday in October and the weather was great, the lines for rides (the ones that were open!!) were good in the morning, but by 2 by they were silly long.Having been to Florida and Paris Disney land previous to this I would say it is pretty poor. The resort is very small, less than half the rides and more aimed towards small children. I was more disappointed that it wasn't decorated more for Halloween, it had the odd decoration and the themed rides. As it is Disney I thought they would go all out. Good if you haven't been to the other Disneys and have small children.Main problem with this park is down to lack of organisation (or lack of staff) on queues to attractions. Mainland tourists barging through without any respect for others. Adults sending on their kids ahead through the queue and then making petty apologies to pass as they queue followed to catch their offspring. On entering theatre for Mickey's Philharmonic it was basically a  free for all  scramble to be seated   no staff to usher patrons across to far side seating which meant that we had to more or less  climb  across everyone to reach end seating. Toilets were very unclean. Cleanliness in food areas however was ok. The park itself is small by American standards but that is not a downside but it's overpriced for what is there. Overall we left the park early cause our experience left us pretty disappointed. This park's management need to visit other Disney Parks to learn about customer service and satisfaction.I have been HK Disneyland last week, the theme parks are not fancy, not enough facilities in that. And also too many people is a big problem. I think Disneyland in LA and Tokyo is much better. so dont wait time here.not amezing disneyland in hong kong and tomatch normal show and normal resturant ,,,last not go agienIf you like massive crowds, steaming hot weather, queuing on average for 90 minutes per ride, then go for it, spend your money and have a great day! For us, a family of 5, with 3 children (12 8 6) this place was a nightmare. We arrived at the park at 8:30am, at this time of the morning the queues were manageable, almost non existent, we where in the park at 9am and headed left to Grizzly Gulch, no lines road the ride twice, then down to Mystic Point for the Mystic Manor, one ride, then headed to Toy Story Land, R c Racer twice, parachute drop and Slinky Dog once. So far so good we thought...however that was the last ride we did for the day! By the time we made it to Fantasyland at 10:45am the queues for the rides was 45minutes, for a single rider, by the time we then walked through to TomorrowLand queues were anywhere from 75   90 minutes per ride. Personally I think you must be mental to line up for that period of time under a hot Hong Kong sun, and be pushed around by mainland Chinese tourists, who have a very different understanding of social etiquette to us. Given the choice I would give Disney a big miss in August, it is right int the middle of the Chinese school holidays, and given that Hong Kong plays host to over 40 million Chinese tourists per year, it feels like every single one of them is visiting Disney on the same day.This park is very small when compared to Orlando. This is our second visit and each time we have found that if it rains all the rides shut down and as their is almost nothing else to do, you end up walking around the park in the rain. We arrived, did the Carosel ride, then went to do Buzz Lightyear (60 minute wait) to be told the ride was closed due to weather. We walked around trying to find something to do and eventually gave up and went for lunch. We had very long lunch (very good food) and then went out to find the rides were still closed. We went to Lion King show (people were panicking in the lines there were so many people waiting), we came out and still the rides were closed. We checked and saw that the afternoon parade was still going to happen so stayed for that; what a waste of time, about three floats and over in minutes. Still the rides were closed. The rain wasn't heavy and their wasn't thunder over the park. By late afternoon we gave up and went home. We had bought expensive tickets to ride for 3 minutes on the Carosel!!!! if there is any danger of rain don't go to the park. Ocean Park is a much better place to visit on any day.Firstly I have to say I've been to the original Disneyland twice so was up against an amazing theme park .If you have tiny children I suggest this park but if you have older children they will be bored.It was crowded and we had so many umbrellas shoved in our faces by rude adults. On a side note was looking to buy my grumpy memorabilia but there was nothing .. Now wishing I'd bought the grumpy mug in the London Disney shop... Oh wellIt is extremely small and way overcrowded. It is so disappointing that the park is packed with people. We were the waiting for the park to open that day but only managed to play like two games only. After the second game we decided to go to other side of the park just take photos with the characters. It is a beautiful park, but things you can do is very little. We barely took photos without others in the background.The park was busy   but we expected that in mid summer. However, we did not expect to find such limited shade. Of course we expected roasting hot weather in August in HK   but expected the facilities to take the local weather into account and give much better opportunities to cool off out of the sun. Many people chose to use umbrellas to give them some personal shade   unfortunately this added an unwelcome element of danger as we found ourselves trying to preserve our eyeballs from being impaled on umbrellas wielded by people with an impaired sense of spatial awareness.We are Caucasian European and found that our small son gave Mickey Mouse & Co a run for his money in the photo opportunity stakes   although we already aware of his extreme cuteness and handsome features (inherited from his parents) it was, initially, quite amusing that he proved to be so popular   however, some people might find this quite disconcerting   it did wear rather thin at the end of a hot day with little respite from the sun! Particularly as the photographers tended to stare and point at him before snapping his photo. If we were ever to go again (which we won't) we will charge per photo .... And use the cash to buy a particularly pokey umbrella!!My daughter (14) and I visited Hong Kong Disneyland last week. This was to be her birthday treat. It was a very unpleasant day due to the heat and crowds. There was no evidence of the Disney magic as crowds of people sweated it out in queues of up to 50 mins waiting for rides. There is inadequate rides and facilities which are air conditioned. Space Mountain was good and Mystic Manor was worthwhile but the rest was not worth the effort of standing in 30  temp waiting in line. I don't know why they don't rethink the queuing areas and air condition where possible. We arrived at 10am (opening time) and already it was over 30 degrees. In summer, why don't they have an earlier opening time of 8.30am before the heat gets too bad?I had read on trip advisor that many rides are more suited to younger years and that's true. I am very pleased that we didn't take our 15 year old son. To summarise, this particular Disneyland is just a theme park for children 12 and under with rides that happen to have a Disney theme. It is aimed at locals who may not have the opportunity to travel abroad and witness the real Disney magic. Went there with family expecting to find that fun, kiddie friendly theme park and was so disappointed when i saw that most of the people there were grandpa's acting like kids... There were no kids, or teens, or young people. It was sad really.If you have already been to Disney in L.A. and Tokyo, I would suggest you skip Disney HK. The park is big but the rides are limited. And there's also no ample shelter and sitting area for visitors who would like to take a rest from all the queuing and walking. Just remember to bring an umbrella and slab on lots of sunblock if you are visiting the park in the summer.We bought a 2 day pass but felt that a 1 day one would be more than sufficient.If you have been to Paris and Orlando, I wouldnt recommend having high expectations. I was really disappointed, the castle was absolutely tiny. Not too many rides either.I' ve visited HK Disneyland with my family (children 7 & 13) in a not so busy day. The kids covered the attractions in 3 hours, including repeated visits to few of them. They were both very disappointed; the number and size and quality of the attractions was very poor comparing to expectation. It seems to me like this Disneyland is made a trap for Chinese who have less experience to disney world in general and consequently are easier satisfied. I have no opinion on food as we didn't have lunch since the kids wanted to leave the place immediately.As one could expect, i found it very expensive for what it offered to my family. Visited April 2014to begin with the tickets were so costly. I have visited LA DL, FLoria DL and this one and i found that this one was more expensive compared to the one in the US. When we went it was raining so badly, and we had...MoreI stayed in Hong Kong for one night only, just to visit the HONK KONG DISNEY LAND, I was expecting something like dreams as told by friends visited Euro Disney and Orlando Disney land, but it was in HONG KONG so basic, and very crowderd because of the Chinese new year fastival.the worst thing ever was the attitude of the staff, they was very tough and shouting in people who are coming to HONK KONG as guests!for me, I think I am not going bak to HONG KONG DISNEY LAND, that was a really bad experience I ever had!We bought a 2 days ticket, but please don't repeat that mistake! Fast pass option was not even offered by the staff in the counter and the queues are incredibly long. The Disney characters are pricey too and do not wander around the Park.... And, unless you are staying up in the Disneyland Hotels, forget the fireworks show, as transportation to city is tooooooooo long, in terms of time.We had a brief and expensive outing here and will not be returning. The queues were ridiculous, it was a tad scruffy and all in all a big con. Hong Kong is incredible, this lets it down big time.We took our 3 and half year old to Disneyland on the first Friday after the Chinese New Year. As most people were still on their holidays we were expecting it to be packed out. It was very crowded with queues at all the attractions....MoreI suppose your reception and and enjoyment may largely be due to your country of origin. HK Disneyland was designed for Main Land Chinese. For others it is expensive... the food is uneatable and the attractions poor. If you have ever been to Disneyland in Anaheim or Walt Disney World cherish the memory and give this one a miss. Basically for Main Land Chinese and HK Residents that have small children and need a place to take them.Unfortunately there isn't much I can say that is positive about this Disneyland. I've been to the one in Paris and it far out weighed this one. The staff seemed miserable and like they'd prefer to be somewhere else, for westerners it was hard as some announcements weren't made in English and the shows were in chinese and you had to read what was being said (since when does Mickey speak chinese).....My husband hadn't been to a Disneyland before and was like an excited kid. That soon disappeared. I was very disappointed for him and said I'd take him to the original Disneyland where I'm sure the staff are happy and English is spoken. Wouldn't recommend or go back.This is a small Disney park. That is fine, and it's all we expected. What we didn't expect was that we would turn out to be part of the show for the mainland Chinese who flock there. They are brazen in their disregard for privacy (ours) and would snap photos or stand, staring and talking about us. As I speak Mandarin they would be full of apologies once they realised we understood what was going on...still not acceptable. Racism is never a good thing, and being on the wrong end of it is abysmal. The rides are all up to Disney's standards and the queues weren't too long. All the food vendors cater solely for mainland tastes, there is little for Westerners....that's fine, it is Hong Kong after all, just don't go there expecting to find the usual Disneyland.Anaheim wins!Went there with some friends. I was hugely disappointed. Having been to the one in Tokyo, which was great, I was not expecting this to be better. But it was worse than I thought. Long lines everywhere. Yes, I know this is Disney Land. The worse is the locals seem to think it is OK to cut lines anywhere they want. Even worse is the park authorities allow it! Also, it is not clean. Would not come back again.if you have the opportunity to visit other Disneyland   Disney world park in other part of the world, just skip this one. It is probably the smallest one.The part that confuse me most is looking at oriental persons with beautiful dark eyes donning blonde wigs to fit some Disney story characters in the parade.Skip it, just so you can continue to maintain the appropriate image of Disney charactersBefore i came here i was ready that this is low quality but i was even more disspointed when i c it. (1) landscape outside: trees flowers were not well taken care. (2) parade: costume look very poor quality, remind us truly this s  made in china . (3) games: also poor few game while (4) souvenir shops many expensives but quality is not equal to its price even the small things like key chain. Very  made in china  quality. (5) building along the main street if USA: supposed to be true builing in old style but only one side is built the other side they print the image of old style building . Actually Hong Kong Disney is one of the smaller Disney parks. Biggest advantage, there are no waiting times (max 5 Mins) if you come during weekdays. The park is not that big, usually you should be through in half a day (I only took the adult rides and shows). For children might be ok, for adults who have been to other parks like Paris it  s dissapointing. Everyday there  s a fireworks show around 20:00 which is worth watching.Grumpy staff, long lines, nothing for a 2 year old to do except queue, constant music blaring overly loud music from every corner of the very small park. Basically if you've been to any half decent theme park anywhere in the world, it'll have more to do and have better rides than HK Disneyland. Yes it's very pretty, but i was expecting a much better attention to detail and at least something for small children to do. The day started by us being told off by a member of staff because our 2 year old was having a drink of water on the train (it was a hot day), and went downhill from there.It is incredibly small, we went when it was supposedly quiet, I'd hate to see it when it was busy. It might be better for older children but there's still only about 6 rides so save your money and spend the day looking at amazing Hong Kong and take the kids somewhere better when you get home. Maybe I'm used to theme parks in the UK, USA and Australia but still I was expecting more from Disney.the park is simply one of the worst in the world. it did not live up to a typical disneyland. disney should just shut it down, seriously. it was so crowded throughout the day. many rides required a queue for more than 30mins. even for...MoreWe are probably spoilt having been to both the USA resorts.We found this very small and very limited. It took us only half a day to go round this resort.On the positive side the resort was very clean and tidy. What they have done was done well. The staff were very friendly and helpful.Not value for money at 450 HK$ each.Disappointing. One expects more from Disney.  The whole experience was underwhelming. Terrible food, boring attractions and rides that belong to a travelling carnival. We left feeling happier that it was behind us. Ocean Park is infinitely better.The Good  )~Exact replica of the original Disneyland in Anaheim~Big land size, has enough attractions to last you 7 hours( given u spend 1 hour for each of the 7 lands)~Merchandise is exclusive to the HongKong market~Many food options, even Halal is offered!~Foreigners have subtitles shown for some live showsThe Bad  (~The queues for each attraction is what really pissed me off, I find it offensive that the people are rude & very bad mannered during the indoor & outdoor queues.~Not only do u have to deal with long queues during peak hours, the amount of noise caused while standing in the queue is enough to give me a CONCUSSION!~Merchandise compared to Tokyo Disneyland is INFERIOR, I remembered the tokyo park is selling disney products with nicer & fancier designs compared to the ones offered (at October 2013) at the HK park :(~F&B THROUGHOUT THE PARK IS OVER PRICED!!! Take for example eating a bowl of Beef & Rice@ the Chopin outlet: The beef tasted like it was just taken out of the freezer & the gravy mixed with the rice was unappetizing!!! This is a RIP OFF !!!~Disney has a strict cut off time for its live shows, take for example the  Golden Mickeys Show , no one is allowed admittance to join the queue 30 minutes before the show starts, simply because 45 minutes before the show begins, the crowd@ the waiting area has already exceeded the number of seats in the theatre, so be prepared to get turned away if u arrive less than 30 minutes before SHOW TIME.~As I walked throughout the walk, there were very little disney characters present,even if u saw one...be prepared for a long queue just to take picture with the mascot!My Tip for future visits:~The parade, though short with only (i think) 9 floats,is impressive & will definitely take any kid's breath away!So don't be like me to sit down@ the park bench to rest my aching knees...Go & queue up along the parade line route!!! You'll be glad u did that!!!Before going to Disneyland Hong Kong, I already read the tripadvisor reviews. We decided to visit the park, as we were in Hong Komg anyway. I didn't expect it to be as nice as the ones in the US or Tokyo but I was hoping that we would at least see a few Disney characters walking around during the October holiday. We only saw Mickey and Minnie at the entrance for taking pictures. That required waiting in line for a while but the line was closed already and we were told to try another place. We only saw the characters during the Fanasy parade. The only character walking around was Jack from Pirates if the Caribean. There are many shops you can go shopping at. No characters on Main Street but they had tons of shops.Our daughter is 20months old. We only went on one ride,  it's a small world  ride. It was very nice and she loved it. We did it twice. We saw three different shows:   The 3D Mickey show was fun with air, water and fragrance effects but the graphics were quite old and not very clear. My daughter didnt wear the 3D glasses but still enjoyed it very much.   The Golden Mickeys was all right.  Festival of the Lion King was very much fun for my daughter. Majority of people were from China. Most people behaved well but a few did try to cut the line. It was fun for my daughter the very first time. But I was disappointed that she could meet any characters up close.Tips: bring your own umbrella when it's hot. We spend about 180HKD on one.Not even close to the Disneyland in California. The food was horrible and expensive. This is a franchise, so should they have the same food as in Disneyland California?! What happened to the caramel apples, american hotdogs and burgers! How are you supposed to feel the disney spirit without those things? I had their version of a burger and it was down right sad. What a shame, I really wanted to like it but it just wasn't worth my time. There is hardly any attractions or rides. To those who plan to go, skip it and go to Ocean Park!!! There's so much more to do.Hong Kong Disneyland is well known small. The walkways to the rides and attractions were narrow, incomparable to Disneyland in Anaheim. We also had learnt a lesson, in future when planning to go to Disneyland in any months, we will make sure to check the China Holiday Calendar of the public holidays and school holidays. This is to avoid    human traffics    in the park. We were there in end of August. It was the last week of the 2 months school lterm break in China. We do not feel we were in Hong Kong, instead we felt we were in China.The small park and the term break in China, had flooded Disneyland on weekday. Adding to that.. it was summer season in Hong Kong. The queues were long on all rides, even the picture taking with the Disney characters. The waiting time for rides from an hour to an hour half. We only managed to take 3 rides and 1 show in our 6 hours time there. Very long queue had to stand under the blazing hot sun and sweat. Visit Disneyland when it is study term in china and also to avoid weekends!Everything looks very old... have a game (cars) that was discontinued years ago from Orlando... good choice to spend a day if you dont have anything else to do in Hong Kong.decided to visit here in august. decided on a monday to avoid the weekend crowds. it was a very hot day 35deg C . and the park is only 8 years old so the trees arent established yet, so there was very little shade. every second person seemed to have an umbrella, which was very dangerous i got hit in the face and head several times with rude people trying to rush by or push in and que jump. i got on 3 rides and had lunch and that took 5 hours. each ride was at least a 1 hour wait. with lots of unhappy parents and lots of crying or bored children. really if you dont have to visit this place dont bother it is just a merchandise theme park. more shops than rides.for the price there was only 1 good ride in the whole park ,food choice was good but the shopping was way over priced I would,nt go backThere are things added compared to 2 years back. However, really did not enjoy the day. The crowd and queue put me off. The queue control ( or is there one?) is bad. You patiently queue for your turn but realise that other people will...MoreIt's small, rides are limited and for young kids only. Most locals won't go unless they got young kids to entertain. I've been to all Disneyland in the world and this is by far the worse. If you want to visit a park, Ocean Park is way way better. Unless you have absolutely nothing else to do, while you enjoy standing in line with zillions of tourists, I will not recommend this place to anyone with a sane mind. There are other ways to enjoy the city. The rides are average at best, but the experience of waiting was simply horrible. The shows were okay and the parade was fun for the kids. However, comparing with other Disney theme parks, this is one park you can skip and won't feel you miss anything.Disneyland is a good place if your kids are accompanying you and that too kids with age  15 years. Cannot compare this place with Universal Studios or Genting Higland as the rides are mainly for kids in disney land except for one or two roller coaster rides...Been living in HK for the past 10 years and was looking forward to visiting Disneyland in 2006 when it was opened, what a disappointment!!! Nothing comparable to other Disneylands (France, USA...etc) in terms of size, entertainment, attractions, price, space, crowd etc...  Bonded with tourists...MoreAny Disney afficianados will understand the title line which is probably as much as needs saying. Whilst well intentioned it lack sthe atmosphere some may be looking for.Ocean View still is better... I should have listened to the review.. Grrrr... The time I spent in HK Disneyland would have been better used in shopping... GrrrrThe park itself is very well kept and a great place for the kids, but as a parent having to wait 50 minutes in line for nearly all rides and then getting a ride under a minute is completely unacceptable. The kids were so disappointed. Disney is far too greedy with this and I would probably not visit again because of this. What a shame.The park was great, and everything. Long lines for the characters, but that is to be expected. Had one issue at the restaurant across from the jungle cruise called Riverview Cafe. Seemed they did not like I was American, who knows. My gf and I ordered food, then two couples came after us and ordered. They ordered heaps of food, we just ordered fried rice and coke. The two couples received all of their food, portion after portion while my gf and I were starving and looking at the other couples with envy. As soon as I spoke to the manager our food came. Call it coincidence or not, but we immediately left and refused to pay. Who knows the true story, but we ate at a different restaurant called The Explorers Club and it was excellent. Just Avoid the Riverview Cafe.We were in line for the picture session with Mickey when they park attendant cut the line and said that it's over. I requested for at least one shot as it was my daughter's birthday but I was ignored and it was as if I was not heard.HKD 450 for adults, 320 or children is an outrageous price for HK Disney. It completely lacks the Disney Magic and is so small that I could not believe they could charge so much for this tiny park. Take the main Castle for instance. The one in Florida looks like a real castle while this one looks like a miniature put in for the sake of making it look like a Disney theme park. The overall feel of Disney is completely missing from HK Disney. It just does not seem magical at all! The rides barring 2 or 3 are really lame...good for a 5 year old perhaps.The Grizzly bear ride was nice and the fireworks show is good at night. They have provided plenty of water fountains which is good. Snacks are expensive (HKD 35 for a small popcorn or HKD 28 for cotton candy). Inspite of reports that Disney wont allow you to carry your own food, we took plenty of it. I would have strongly argued that they cant decide what I should eat and what I shouldn't and cannot stop me from taking my own food inside (we are vegetarian so our choice is extremely limited in such places) . They looked at my bags and the food but didnt stop me from taking it in.My honest suggestion is for people to visit Ocean Park. Half the price, 10 times the size (no exaggeration) and much more entertaining. My kids agree! This is especially true if you are planning to visit Disney in Florida anytime in your life. Dont waste time on HK Disney.As of early May if you bought tickets with a VISA card, you could get 11% off at the ticket booth outside Disney. Also bear in mind that all restaurants in the park close when the park closes. This means if you wish to have dinner, it has to be  instead  of the rides. They wont serve anything post the fire works show.To be honest   its for kids. Ocean Park is a lot more fun. Nice and clean but as expected   expensive for what you get.The area is very small. I can say smallest disneyland. We can finish all park within half a day. There are not many rides and no ride for mature!Pros: If you like Disney stuff you'll have fun at any Disneylands. The Buzz lightyear (laser tag guns) attraction is fun. The Lion King show is really good too.Cons: Lots of rude park guests. One of if not the smallest Disneys. Also, quite far from town (it is near the airport) so if a is airport d is disney and tc is town center, it is like this:a....d....................................tcThere are lots of Chinese mainlanders   I think these are the main source of revenue for the park   so prepare to be shocked by the cultural difference: constant queue barging, invasion of personal space when they are forced to queue (they will probably be sniffing the back of your head or rubbing against your backside)   as if this shorten the queue time, people smoking outside designated areas, ill mannered kids screaming, littering and running around AND on your lucky day you might see the Disney parade as well as the golden showers or golden poop parades performed by Chinese kids.The goods: Buzz lightyear, Lion King show.Tips: Go on weekdays. Avoid queueing with rude looking park guests (the Chinese mainlanders). Get fastpass. The park is REALLY small so if you see a sudden long queue at an attraction, just come back later. It'll save you a lot of time.Im afraid I was very dissapointed in HK Disneyland. More retail outlets than anything else.  the show i saw (The lion King) was spectacular. the rest was just below average. I wasnt there with any kids so maybe  my views are a bit harsh.Went here in April 2013 and I was not impressed... or more like disappointed. Getting there is so easy, just take the MTR to Sunny Bay and change to the Disneyland Express. Journey takes about 30 minutes from central Hong Kong. The train is fab and so is the station and the entry... but that was kind of  it  for me. It was a cloudy day, not much people and no real queues to talk about but it took us approx 20 minutes to get tickets to get in, then there was the security line to check the bags. Not a problem but I can imagine the chaos on a busy day. You walk into Main Street and well.. its a street full of shops selling Disney merchandise and sweets... even the bread is sweet and finding anything else became a challenge. We saw Mickey and went to get a picture just to get told that the waiting time was 1.5 hours so we gave up. We worked our way around just to find 3 of the major attractions  closed for reconstruction   sorry for your inconvenience ... doesn't help me when I paid almost $70 AUD to get in. Where was the signs at the gate that some attractions are closed?It doesn't really take a lot of time to walk around, I was looking for Disney characters or themes, but I found it scarce. All day I saw Mickey once and Minnie once as well and that was it! Its supposed to be like walking into the  World of Disney , but this was more a  sell as much Disney merchandise as we can , a few half bad attractions on the side and some nice gardens. Another thing were the waiting times... as I mentioned, it was a slow day, not many guests but the wait was still about 15 minutes on most rides... as said before, I don't want to be here on a good day... I have to say that the Gulf was a really good ride but the rest of the ones that were open I could do without. I think that if you have young children and you don't mind lining up and waiting it could probably be a fun day out, but not for the older ones. To me it was more of a half bad amusement park.Was my first time to Disneyland, even from a small country, we only have one theme park and I thought it was just so so. This would be great if you were a kid, but it was not as good as I thought. The best ride was being fixed up for Halloween, so very disappointing, still had to pay full price.Strange there were lots of HK businessmen in suits... hmm place for business trips?I didn't even stay for the fireworks at the end, only stayed an hour or so then left...Have been to Disney Anaheim and Tokyo and this effort is a poor third. Little kids 3 8 will get a fun day but for the rest it does not offer a lot.Lots of queue cutting from China mainlanders, decent touristy food. Ticket price should lower due to difference in quality from their counterparts from US.The park is too small compared to Japan Disney...the rides are not interesting for adults. The worst part is that I encountered some occasions when other visitors tried to cut lines...it was so annoying...the only part that highlighted my visit when I saw firework performance at night time.I was at Disneyland a while back and there are pluses and minuses. On the plus side... if you have kids, they will love it, they have decent rides, their small Disney village is cute and there is beauty all around.On the negative side, it's smaller then I expected, not as many rides as I thought and the queues are very long.We came here not knowing what to really expect as we had heard mixed reviews from friends about DL HK. After visiting, I can say this theme park is really catered towards young children as rides and very tacky, uninteresting and not thrilling.   My title...MoreI am not Singaporean, but I can not find better word to explain Hongkong Disneyland. I expect something more grander and big, but I am so dissapointed to see the castle is so small, just like a gate or stage only where it is suppose to be like in a fairy tale. 3D show is blurr for my eyes, and all other game is dedicated only for small children. It is not bad, but also not amazing for me.But I love the food here, it is good and have many variety.....My family always celebrate Christmas and New Year in Hongkong. Even some of the staffs are not that friendly, we still go there beacuse this is the closest disneylandfrom our country aside from the fact that my children are still happy when they are here (yes, bec they arekids ages 10, 8 and 7).Our latest visit was yesterday JAnuary 1, 2013 and dec 31, 2012. Yesterday was really a bad experience for us. First, we have experienced some of the local residents pushing while we are on queue. But we still manage and kept our composure. But when we arrive at the Toy Story Land (The parachute ride to be exact), the two families in front of us while we are on queue fight. Because of the long queue the two hot tempered family did not stop fighting until the securities came in. We didn't know what happened next because we ride already. But the saddest part of all is when we bought a lot of souvenirs from the souvenir shop in the Main Street near the exit. I know and i check that I gave the cashier 3 pcs of HKD1000. OUr total bill is HKD 2,268.00. But to our surprise she just gave me a change of HKD 232.00. I ask the cashier and I said that i gave her HKD3,000. She said no and insist that i gave her HKD2,500.00. The lady beside her, i think the supervisor counted the money in the cash register and so we waited. And to our surprise again, they said that our change is correct. We counted again our HKD in my wallet and we are very sure that we gave her HKD 3,000.00. We know, because all our expenses and the HKD that we changed in their money changers since December 29, 2012 are all accounted.We were so disappointed.Lesson learned, when you pay count in front of the cashier and tell her how much money you gave her.this is my 2nd time at disneyland hongkong. first of all, if u have been to disneyland orlando u will be severely disappointed since hongkong disneyland is very small. u can walk around it in just an hour. upon entering u will have the option of getting the star pass, if u don't mind paying an extra 100 hongkong dollars per person. ticket is 399 hk dollars for adults and 285 hk dollars for aged 3 to 11 years old. let me tell u about the good stuff first. view is very nice, the parade was fun to watch but it was a short one only around 5pm if i am not mistaken. now to the bad part... oh my! i am going to start my whining. terrible food! i bought an assortment of food like hotdogs, waffles, chicken wings and pizza. waffles was decent, the other selections was horrible. i was left hungry since it galls me to buy overpriced unsavory food. disneyland staff are ill mannered and rude, and to top it off they barely speak english argh! their guttural and incoherent sentences made me stop asking questions. to be fair to them, maybe they seem rude bec they barely speak english so they can't communicate properly but still... i expected better from disneyland staff. some of the staff kept on hurrying small kids that might make them have an accident like falling etc. which in my opinion is not right. queues are very long, u have to wait for an hour per ride and then it will only take 3 to 5 minutes for u to finish the ride :( my son still enjoyed his time in disneyland, he is 7 years old so no surprise there. my tip is this, eat first before u step on disneyland. terrible food!This one sucks compared to the Ocean Peak. The park has very little to see. We spent like 4 hours in the park and already see everything we are interested in. If you have been the Disney World in Orlando then you can safely skip this one.The tickets were quite expensive but we didn't mind speding bcoz here's the first place I planed with my friend to go when arrived HK. ,, it's worse than we thought!! Disney Land is quite big.,You might be able to see all the sights in a half day munimum and that day was raining then we just walked around until my friend wanted to see Winnie the Pooh.We expected less crowded but we were wrong,the long queue awaited.....around an hour more and took us around only 10 mins visiting inside!! OMGzzzzz ....really disappointed! We will never go back again ...TTwe stopped by while in transit. taxi from the airport to disney land is only about 100 HKD. if you show your flight tickets at the entrace you will get nearly 50 percent on the ticket.we spent about three hours and felt we had done it all in that time. the park is very small, and there are not many rides. it was ok to walk around, but really not much to do. guess it is fun for small children, but for grown ups the park is to small.This trip ruined my childhood memories of Disneyland so I would only recommend it if you actually have little ones.There were so many tourists and some of them were pretty rude   shoving in and queue jumping and talking really really loudly.THe rides are boring. If you are after some adrenaline pumping rides at a far cheaper entrance fee, go to Ocean Park.It is over rated. There are limited rides and very few restaurants with wholesome meals. Prices at souvenir stores are expensive. Be careful of having your pictures taken for it will cost you from HK$100 HK$150 per photo. Better bring your own camera for your souvenir pictures. On the good side, the amusement park is safe and clean even at night time. They have friendly staff and the fireworks are spectacular.way too much tourists from mainland china. cannot stand some of the in cilvilised and inconsiderate behaviours by some of them. coughing, spitting, shouting, children pee just on the street.... but i think this happen every where they go. not just only disney land, it is just the fact that disney land is a hot tourist place for mainland tourists....Such a bad experience. 90% were mainland china tourist, lots a pushing a shoving, queue jumping in shop, stall, rides and even toilets. The mainland folks have no concept of queuing. Place was dirty, chicken bone everywhere. Staff unhelpfull, no corwd control, no visible security.They should have build this up in China.I recommend you skip HK and go to Japans Tokyo Dinsey Resort.1. 90% of the park visitors are from mainland China2. Sleeping on the park's benches3. Disneyland VERY crowded and worst during weekend4. Disappointed with the mainland chinese visitors who will try different ways and means to cut your queue for the rides. Any tiny little opening space, they will try to squeeze through and cut your queue5. Mainland chinese eating and having their own  picnics  around the park and then leaving behind rubbish instead of discarding them into the bins6. Very little characters around the park for photo taking7. All rides are fully packed and you have to wait up to 30 mins minimum for the rides. You wait longer for popular rides!8. Mainland chinese talked loudly and smoked around the park vicnitiyGenerally, if you can, go visit Disney in the US or Tokyo. Avoid Hong Kong Disneyland. You will be disappointed. For the pricey tickets, one deserves a better atmosphere but the disneyland in Hong Kong looks and feel cheap. dissapointment for us   very small, very few attractions but kids loved it, especially the parade.   if want to enjoy the place, need to buy fast pass, otherwise need to stay in queues all dayI was really disappointed by how bad this park is compared to other Disney attractions. I knew that it was smaller before visiting, but even with that knowledge I thought it was worse than I imagined. The number of rides is awful. If you want to spend your time queuing to have your picture taken with characters then you're in luck. We had a two day ticket and regretted it at the end of the first day. I'm sure it will continue to attract the Asian market (until Shanghai opens) but it is rubbish.Combination of humidity, heat and serpentine queues of mainland tourists spoils the Disney experience. We had to wait over an hour in many of the lines. Also some of the shows are in Cantonese and the place a lot smaller, making it a far lesser experience than the US one.3 time to visit Disneyland, and the worse. Yes there was new attraction, Toy story and Gizzly, an there were very crowed, as the is no space in there Disneyland. This time there was dirt all over in restaurant and the cleaner just stand and look at it with out doing something. I also miss some display in the park where you can see the time to the attractionI understand how crowded disneyland is, and how hot and humid Hong Kong summer can get. But I do not understand the rude visitors; they are clearly not Hong Kong locals. They will cut in lines for attractions, for food, for bathrooms. One common trick   parents let their kids burrow their way to the front of the line, then the parents will push away people waiting in line to get to their kids... and I do mean PUSHING. People will also smoke throughout the park. There is no enforcement of rules whatsoever. We will definitely not return (we bought two day tickets and we did not return for the second day). Stick to other disneylands outside Hong Kong. One positive note   the staff at the baby nursing station were very nice and helpful.It's too small for the summer crowds. Like what others said, you do end up wasting 30 40 minutes waiting for pretty much everything. Customer service doesn't exist. Crowds are rude. If you want to pay to wander around and just look at things Disney, come on in. If you're expecting a true Disney experience, head to LA or Orlando.Rides were really good, crouds fine. Limited activities, small, took only 3 hours to go thorugh the place & this included a 1 hour lunch. 2 rides broken but others working were great. You can do the full park in jiust a few hours. Worth the trip if you have small children. Argued with guards as I couldn't take in diabetic food or drinks, very poor.To reach the place by MTR, drop on Sunny Bay which is just one stop before Tung Chung station.From there you need to look for Disneyland train. Expect to spend a whole day here. Lots of walking, and will be hard due to humid and hot weather on the area. Make sure you bring umbrella and drink plenty of water, the drink here are expensive.First thing to do is to go to Tomorrowland and try Space Mountain   mini roller coaster. Skip the rest of Tomorrowland and go straight to Toy Story land and ride the RC racer. And then the last one is Adventureland with the Jungle River Cruise. That is folks...As an Aussie, my fiance and I visited Disneyland in Anahiem for the first time in our 20's and we LOVED it, so much so that we returned another time a year later. Im a big Disney fan girl.However, Hong Kong Disneyland was a huge disappointment. It started off promising, we got there by the MTR and was excited to see it had special Mickey shaped windows on the train and hand rails on the roof. We got there and the station seemed impressive...then it started to rain. Ok, cant help bad weather I guess. It turned torrential so we had to buy ponchos to keep dry, and as the line to buy tickets was LONG we were rained on for about 30 45mins before even getting inside.I was drenched by the time I did get in, and the lines were very long. That wasnt so bad, but people constantly pushing in the line that day was getting more than annoying. At the Anahiem Disneyland, all staff members are refered to as the  crew  as everyone is in character, even the ride attendants and people in the shops, everyone is super happy and friendly. Not in Hong Kong, no one was in character and there was no Disney  vibe  at all. It was very disappointing.Not only that, but I was the only one in our group who had been to a Disneyland before, so I was talking up how great it was going to be, and of course everyone else in my group had been dreaming of going to Disneyland since they were kids. They hated it. I tried to tell them this HK one was just terrible, but the one in Anahiem is amazing but they wont listen, they wont be going to Disneyland again after such a bad day at Hong Kong's Disneyland.Lonely Planet's description is spot on, give it a miss unless you have very small children. Only they will like it. Maybe. Its all just a merchandising opportunity at the Hong Kong Disneyland. Its tiny, doesnt have many rides and only has a few of the great rides such as Space Mountain.I would not rate Hong Kong Disneyland, just give it a miss, and I say this as someone who LOVED my 3 day trip to Anahiem Disneyland in my 20's. HK's version of the  happiest place on earth  was very disappointing and there is no atmosphere or happiness whatsoever.Small and too crowded.  Meals and drinks are also ridiculously expensive.  If you have visited the one in USA or Japan, you can save your time for some other attractions.I've been to the Paris, Anaheim, Orlando and Tokyo Disneylands and sadly the Hong Kong site is the worst by a long shot. The park is super small and doesn't have the same scope of services that it's competitor Ocean Park has to offer and certainly compared to the other Disneylands   it's a snapshot experience at best. Perhaps this is due in part to being part owned by the Hong Kong government and the geographic constraints of where it's built   doesn't matter, skip it unless the little ones are in tow. This is not even funny to spend money like this and visit.  Nothing even close to Los Angeles DisneylandFIrstly, this place is small comparing with other theme parks around the world... there was no magical moments as we saw long lines everywhere due to public holidays in China. But again, whether it is weekend pubic holidays or not, there will be long waiting lines due to the demand from mainland China. Fast Pass access was limited to 3 rides which I find it quite ridiculous.Food and drinks were everywhere however as expected the prices were astronomical! Good tip, bring your own bottle water and you can refill at the the drinking stations near the toilets. They charge HKD20 for a small bottle of mineral water! There were many souvenir shops and these are tourist traps and they keep reminding you to buy stuffs are over priced.Overall, a very average experience and would not go back again.Pathetically small and uninspiring. Not worth the effort to visit, unless you are tired of shopping in Hong Kong.This was not our first trip to Hong Kong Disneyland and our main purpose was not just to visit Toyland but since it was there, we had a peek to see what the fuss was about. Compared to the  original  sections of HKD, this new section was a major disappointment. Most of the rides are designed for older kids and adults so no joy for toddlers here, unless your tots are adrenaline junkies. Don't waste your time, stick with the older parts (which we did on our 2nd day) and have a blast there (and we did)! To sum it up   if you are going to HKD just for Toyland, think twice.This is the second time I visit this wonderland since 2005. Frankly to say there is not much progress in the park. I pay my visit to Disney in the world many times(from FL LA TOKYO PARIS), this is the least park i would like to go again! Something is missing in this park! which belongs to Disney and Mickey!BTW, Please learn to line up before play!This Disneyland has been set up to sell T shirts and stuffed toys.  For every ride (of which there are few), there will be 5 outlets trying to sell you merchandising.   One for the fans only   Save your money and go elsewhere.As much as I want to like HK Disneyland, both times I have gone I have left disappointed. The crowds are out of control   you can hardly walk at times! I felt annoyed as the waiting time for rides, restaurants, anything really, was just ridiculous. Unless you are a very patient person with very patient children I would avoid it.HK Disneyland has a typical disneyland layout and quality standards, but is missing (1) Pirates of the Carribean, (2) Thunder Mountain, (3) Haunted House, (4) Bear Singing Review, (5) Tiki Birds Singing, (6) Star Wars Tours, and (7) Peter Pan. Furthermore, Small World was closed for renovation. They substituted live shows such as Lion King, Mickey Review and a 3 D film    essentially replacing machinery with low cost Chinese labor. There is also a strange Toy Story area. For a small child's first Disney experience, it is okay; for anyone else it is unsatisfying. if you've ever been to Disneyland in Anaheim or Disneyworld in Florida you'll be in for a shock at this watered down version of Disneyland that doesn't have many of iconic rides and attractions of the original. The upside is that you can make it around the park in a day   no problem. There's not that much to see. Food is catered to the China visitors.if you've ever been to Disneyland in Anaheim or Disneyworld in Florida you'll be in for a shock at this watered down version of Disneyland that doesn't have many of iconic rides and attractions of the original. The upside is that you can make it around the park in a day   no problem. There's not that much to see. Food is catered to the China visitors.The themepark is great. It is not Disney's fault that the visitors are rude and unorderly. Children and adults tried to push past us to cut in line every minute of the day. Will not return.Unless you're a big fan of Disney, this HK Disney park is not really that fun.The shows are quite good, but the rides and other things to do are not really something worth spending money and half a day for. Fireworks were good, but not that amazing.It's not that terrible, we just felt that we should've stayed in the city proper and explored there instead, afterall, we came to HK for the uniques HK culture, sights and food. The park did not really show the uniqueness of Hong Kong, so you can just go to other amusement parks, especially if you're not travelling with kids. Enjoyed Ocean Park way more.Don't think I'm coming back here.Wife and I visited HK Disneyland on Boxing Day. The place was extremely crowded and the ques for the rides were very long and the RC Racer ride in Toyland took 1 hour !I hv previously visited Disneyland Anaheim and in Tokyo, but HK Disneyland by far is the smallest. Missed the haunted house there.Tickets are expensive consider that there is hardly anything exciting to see.  We have been to all the Disney in the US and this one in HK is the worse.  Not recommened.Very small and not as good value for money as Ocean ParkIt may be interesting to children, but personally I would prefer other cultural or historic sites. I mean Disney Themed Park, come on, you   re in Asia and you want something America? If you want you can go, but it is not the best Disney Theme Park indeed. Get something authentic when you travel!I went there and saw long lines of people waiting. Admission was not cheap at all. My wife and I took a walk around and decided to end our tour early.If disney was going to do this then they should have done it properly.Too small,not enough rides and queues for everything.Ocean park for me every timeThe entry fee is just not worth it. Its small & the entry gate staff acted like the military police. They would not let my children take in their own water bottles & insisted on searching everyones bags.  Never again!!  Ocean Park is MUCH better.If you have been to any Disneyland, please consider Ocean Park.  This is very small Disneyland.  Good part, on week day in November, there are not many people and the weather is just right, not too sunny, and cool enough to walk all day.It's so  mini  in size comparing to Florida and California.  Not to mention about the overpriced food and beverages.  Go to the  real  Disneyland in US if possible.Cant say I enjoyed the experience but It was wet and rainy.  Not worth visiting if you've been to other Disneyland sites.  A very expensive activity!!!This park is only really suitable for children under 7 or 8 years of age. We went with our two children (aged 10 and 13) and, in their words, the park was  lame ! There were only two good rides   Space Mountain and Buzz Lightyear. The queue for Space Mountain was long   so make sure you get a free  fast ticket    which lets you go on the ride a little later within a one hour time period. This lets you spend your time doing something else   then you can come back and basically get on the ride with very little wait.The parade was good. The food was terrible! My husband bought some fried chicken which had suspicious looking black, grainy stuff between the chicken and the batter (chicken guts?)   so it was thrown out. It was hard to find any food that we liked. The only half decent food was the Chinese food   but everything we wanted had sold out. BE WARNED   you are not meant to take your own food into the park, as they want you to buy their very, very bad food! Your bags are checked for food as you go though the entrance gates!! We would not go back again.If you have already been to Anaheim and Orlando you will find HK Disneyland sadly lacking. Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, Small World and Jungle Cruise as well as a bunch of the smaller rides like teacups, Carousel, Winnie the Poo etc. Notably missing are most of the good rides like Splash, Big Thunder, Pirates, Indiana, Haunted Mansion etc. However, we still had an enjoyable day. As always everything is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful, however, the food outlets are awful, when we were there the Comet had 4 meals on offer, but could only supply 1 of them and the alternate restaurant that we found opposite had burger style meals that were not nice, the pork in my friends burger was stringy and dehydrated. Disneyland   happiest place on earth? Well HK Disney is a bit of a disappointment.To start with getting into the place takes 30 minutes as they have to check every single bag. When you have thousands waiting to get in, then the queues they provide is certainly not enough. Imagine having kids excitedly wanting to get in, only to have to queue at the front entrance for 30 45 minutes.Also if you didn't buy your tickets online, you will also have to queue to purchase the tickets first. Lucky we bought ours online, but the ticket printing machine printed only 5 of our tickets when we have bought 6.The HK Disney is smaller than the US Disney, so there are fewer rides and less things to do once you are in the park.Most of the rides require at least 30 minutes of waiting time. On the day we were there, the weather bureau issued a typhoon 3 warning, and as a result they shut down all the outdoor rides. However during the entire day we were there, there was hardly a breeze. The management should be a bit more flexible and reopen some of the rides as there was no risk or danger. The only plus is that the Lion King show is worth a visit. Also you can buy Disney merchandise at the HK International airport so if you must get the Disney toys, there is an alternative.Also food and drinks are very expensive in there. Another minus is the some of the visitors from the mainland have no clues on what a queue is and their children just cut into the queues. Save your money and go to other Disneyland if you must.We were told by a few local friends that Ocean Park was the best of the two theme parks, but our children voted for Disneyland. Wrong choice! HK Disneyland is very professionally run, ultra clean, and has extremely friendly staff....... but you can pretty much cover all shows and attractions in half a day. To be honest there is very little there at all (.....even with the addition of the seasonal halloween attractions). We got there at about 11am and by 2pm we had done the park! We stayed till the fireworks, but found it had to kill time. There is only so many times you can go on the space rollercoaster (....the only great ride at the moment).They are in the process of building 3 additional areas, but they seem to be several years away from full completion. Maybe in 5 plus yeas this may be a theme park of note, but at the moment it feels like a very distant 6th cousin of Disneyland in the US.The food was also the worst I have ever had at a theme park.We should have gone to Ocean Park and I suggest you do the same.As we were about to pay at the entrance we were advise that a T3 typhoon 3 was issued and that all outdoor attractions would be closed. Having built up the expectation with our 10 yr old we still went in. What we did not know is that it meant 80% of all the rides attractions are closed. Even though it rained only for 10 minutes that day and no wind, the park had to stick to their policy.This of course meant long cues (45 min average wait) for 20% of rides   not fun.However we found one neat trick   at Space Mountain the cue was 50 min long, but go to the 'single only' cue with no waiting   yeah   we went on 6 times.We found most of the food good and well priced. If you have never been to any other Disneyland and the weather is good, it would be a good day. The park is small so one day should be enough.(This review comes form a family of 3 who spent 10 days at Disneyland and California land in LA and still did not do every ride)Ok we went the end of August, we have been to Disney in Florida, California, and Paris, the park itself was nice, the staff was nice and that was it. It was crowded not a problem but what was the problem was the people were just so rude, the pushing and shoving cutting in lines for the rides, gift shops, food stands was just to much to take. forget trying to see one of the shows its a free for all for seats, i don't see how disney can let this happen, it was by far the worst run disney property. My 9 year old was calling it the most unruly place on earth. you know its bad when kids don't want to go on rides because they don't want to be pushed and shoved and etc,,,, go elsewhere ocean park is better, the cable car ride to the big Buddha is better.This is patterned on the original Disneyland with a few cultural variations, but is much smaller. Before you visit, look it up online so you know what to expect. It has the Railroad, Dumbo, Merry Go Round, Autopia, Space Mountain, Buzz Lightyear, Jungle Cruise, Tarzan's Tree House, and others, but NO Star Tours, Toon Town, Haunted Mansion, or Pirates of the Caribbean. Food is noodles and rice, with only a single restaurant for western fare. It was refreshing to have covered queue lines, generally with fans, and Small World was even air conditioned. Unfortunately, it seemed like the Jungle Cruise and Small World boats moved quicker than in Anaheim.Besides being smaller than we expected, what lessened the experience was a general lack of accepted protocol by most of the attendees. In Anaheim, we are used to waiting in line. At this park, queues were largely ignored, and people often went around others pushing their way through the line. Even at Small world, where people are lined up in aisles to get into the boats, people would climb over the seats to get where they wanted. At one show, an altercation broke out as people were pushing their way into the theatre. Park staff tried to keep the participants separated and started the show as they were still shouting at each other across the theater. Even on the Jungle Cruise, the driver (They had separate lines for English and Chinese speaking) incessantly admonished riders to keep their hands in the boat (which got very close to moving attraction parts). People seem to talk louder in this part of the world, always shouting no matter how close (or far away) they are. Most of the kids are wild and unrestrained.The restrooms were much better maintained than Anaheim.After visiting the original Disney parks in the US and even Euro Disney in France, the HK version is a bit of a let down. The park is really small and has only one real exciting ride, Space Mountain. The rest is mainly food outlets and artificial 'sightseeing' rides. The staff is really rude and does not hesitate to grab you quite violently when you walk in the wrong way. Spending one day at this park, which only opens at 10am, is more than enough. This will also help travelers to avoid the overpriced Disney hotels and stay in downtown Hong Kong where much more exciting things are to be done.I was REALLY excited to go to HK Disneyland as it would be my first Disney Experience. However, all I ended up with was disappointment.  The bad:  * Lack of rides   as stated by previous members, there is really only 1 good ride for...MoreI was so looking forward to going here but was very disappointed.  I felt that all that was there were restaurants and shops.  There were a few rides for children but not a lot of interactive things to do.  Please note that the main show...MoreDo not waste your time in Disneyland. Attractions are boring and the queues are very long (65 min  ) on the very few interesting trips in Disneyland (Hong Kong).When you've been to US Disney, better skip HK Disney, better visit Ocean Park. Save money and trip, be wise.HK Disney is very small and all attractions can be completed in less than one day.Besides 2 of the most interesting rides are out of action and there is no parade!Compared to Disneyland Paris it is just a waste of time .There is no thrill and the photo sessions with the Disney characters are neither well organised nor well monitored so that one person can stay with them for more than 5 mins!There are so many other things to do in HK!!First thing first, the ticket entrance to me it is quite expensive considering there is not much to see there. There is a lot of ticket booth, but not many open.The shows queue can be very long and not moving fast enough. Quality of the park is really poor, I think I've been to a better local park that are not Disney brand and still find it a lot better. I think I count a lot more numbers of retail store compared to the entertainments. The music parade was ok and probably the only entertaining part of the whole place.I've just recently came back from Bali, went on their safari park and it is just soooo much better.By the way if you are staying at the Disney hotel it is quite a walk to reach the park. As well getting in was pretty easy, getting out to the MTR can be quite long too, might not be a bad idea to get the MTR round trip ticket in advance so you can avoid the long hot queue.Disneyland in hongkong is really a smaller more bonsai version of the one in the US and is therefore slightly below expectations. However if u have young kids or even ureself want to relive ure childhood fantasies, u can look at going to this as its the only dinseyland in asiaThis is our 3rd trip to HK disneyland. Was there in 2005 6 not long after they open, and the park was awful then, but seems to have improve slowly over time.We are a family of Disney affectionados. Have been to Disney World, Disneyland Anaheim and Tokyo Disneyland more than fifty times combined. We feel that HK Disneyland is really too small to be called a Disneyland. It has way too few rides and attractions. We came to HK Disneyland to see the new Small World attraction. It was perhaps the best small world of all the disney parks, with numerous disney characters like mulan, simba, peter pan, aladdin and more, all in the same style as the other dolls. The entire area right next to Golden Mickeys was also very well done. However, we were VERY disappointed with the Stich Encounter attraction. This attraction is so small and the wait is so long (over 45 minutes), it is not worth it. Actually we thought the show area was just a pre show area, it was tiny and very poorly done. It is very obvious this attraction was hashed together last minute to address the shortfall of attractions in this park.I seriously hope that HK Disneyland could include more signature disney attractions available in all other parks, namely Haunted Mansion, Splash Mountain, Big Thunder Mountain and Toontown. Every year, the park failed to meet attendance expectation and it says a lot about the quality of this park.Basically, this park is good only for small children and people who has never been to Disney. Grow up and be a real disney park, HK disneyland!The best thing I can say about this place is that my 2 year old and 4 year old loved it.If you are thrilled by seeing people dressed up as cartoon characters, then by all means go, which probably means you have to be under 7. Aoart from that thrill, it is really quite ordinary. We went on 3 or 4 pretty standard fairground rides, which the kids loved but had to queue for 20 mins or so each time.Main St is not terribly exciting, and dont see why I should pay HK$350 to visit shops. There was a 4 minute car ride which my 2 year old loved as he could steer, but we had to queue for half hour in stinking hot weather for that. Near where we stayed In central Hong Kong, the mall had an underground funfair which was more exciting and had more rides attractions suitable for more ages than Disneyland had, and was a fraction of the price. Personally I think Ocean Park is far more interesting and has a much wider variety of attractions.But if you have to see those plastic cartoon characters, Disneyland is for you. For very young kids only.Since long I read and heard a lot of Walt Disneys great attraction  Disneyland . But it was not being possible for me to view in own eyes visiting USA. Last year it was a great opportunity for me to find the mini or replica of this great theme park built in Hong Kong. It was a day long experience which was tremendous and the rides and live shows were extra ordinary.I went to HK disneyland with my family and found most staff unwilling to greet nor smile. The place was small and you were left without anything to do by 3:00pm. I tried talking to the management in main street who just told me she was busy and to  find someone else to talk to . They were rude and too proud to understand what the real disney is all about. I will not go there ever again...I don't know why we came here really. I guess to compare with THE Disneyland. It is not the same somehow the Chinese look alien in this environment and it ain't US razmatazz. That said everyone was very nice and full of smils so there trying. It is also very small and not so good on the rides.Disneyland Hong Kong is a tiny, tiny place! If you're used to Disney World, then you will surely be disappointed. The park probably fits in a quarter of Magic Kingdom and it literally took my cousin and I half the day to finish the park. There are not a lot of rides and shows do not run often and frequently clashed. The only good thing about this Disneyland is that you can easily take pictures with your favorite Disney character. My day was certainly brightened when I was able to score a pic with Captain Jack Sparrow (this was when Disney was running Adventureland as Pirateland to promote Pirates III). Also the cute mouse subway that took us to the park was definitely unique too!We went there last year with our son aged 11, and he enjoyed it without reservation. However I have been to Disney Anaheim, at my wife has been to Anaheim, Florida and France, and we found it a little bit small and tame. If you have kids that are a little older or keen on really wild rides, they're going to be disappointed here. On the other hand smaller children will probably really enjoy it. Apart from the size, standard Disney experience. Ocean Park may be a better bet.The park is too small and does not have enough rides on the up side the shows are ok and parade was nice. Did not see any people queue jumping, as other people have said go to ocean park it has a greater mix of attractions and is better value for your money.Disneyland Hong Kong. We have been twice thus far. The first time was in October of 2005 and we have just returned from our second trip there. We stayed at the Disneyland Hotel in 2005 and in 2006 as well. The park is a disappointment and the crowds are heavy and the lack of rides is very disappointing. In addition, there are not enough things to do and see! IT IS SO SMALL! We finished all the rides and shows in 1 2 a day! The kids were bored and didn't even want to go on the rides again! Wow! Very different from Florida and California in the USA. If all you want to do is SHOP and EAT TERRIBLE FOOD then you can come to HK Disney. Save your money and go to the real thing in USA. Also, the Disneyland hotel accomodations are nice, however, it is not as kid friendly as the other theme park hotels. The hotel had some Halloween games and activities that were a flop and it ended up that 2 young men staff at the Disneyland hotel put some games on the tables and then just stood there at the door watching the kids play. In addition, during activities time, the kids were given coloring books and crayons again at the table and told just to color away! No Disney characters....even the storytime was pitiful as the young male staff member merely summarized each page of 1 Pooh book and sent the children away afterwards. They really need to work on the quality of the food at the theme park and hotel as well. BAD! Save your money and go somewhere else!Having read so much bad publicity I was expecting a very bad Disneyland. So I wasn't disappointed, but not pleasantly surprised either. I went in the morning and as everyone has said, each queue was at least 1 2 hours long. The fastpass isn't very useful either. For my first fastpass I could go back within 1 hour but my second fastpass I obtained before 1pm allowed me to take the ride only at 6:30! The rides are mostly boring. There's only 1 rollercoaster ish ride, which is the space mountain. Its quite good but isn't really THAT exciting. I've tried better at less known themeparks. But objectively its enjoyeable, really.If you (or your kids) like the disney characters, it might be nice to see them walking around or buy the disney merchandise but as I'm not really a fan its no big deal to me.The queue cutting wasn't that bad. There are some people shamelessly walking past us to get to their friends who booked a place in the queue for them in front but you just have to put your feet down and tell them off. I had this person shamelessly saying  excuse me  when I blocked her way as she was trying to go to the front of the queue but its really not as common as some of the people here make it sound. There are probably such people everywhere, no reason to point fingers at mainlanders and say that they have no social etiquette.Some things that are well done include the 3D animation mickey show, forgot what its name is. Shall not reveal the reason why its so good, the surprise element is part of the fun. The fireworks performance at night is also really amazing.A recommendation   Go in the evening if you have to, the queues have eased up by then so you'll probably complete the same number of rides with less frustration than if you start in the day and spend most of the time in queue. And you won't miss the fireworks.I visited HK Disney quite a while ago (Jan 2006). I was thoroughly disappointed but not enough to write a review. However, after reading so many positive reviews, I felt compelled to write one myself.Good   Not crowded; good layout; wide streets; clean; new; cheap compared to other Disneys in every respect   food, merchandise, tickets; landscaping immaculate; convenient to get to; multiple languages for guests.Bad   SIZE; lack of attractions, especially those that make Disney so fun and have made Disney so famous in America; people cutting in lines; people spitting; people sleeping on benches and bathing in drinking fountains; staff being too timid to do anything about obvious rule breakers.Okay, I am from America and grew up near Disney World in Orlando, Florida. I worked in Guangzhou, China for quite a while including the time of HK Disney's opening. Therefore, I was constantly getting news about the new Disney. Because I grew up near Disney World, Disney's defining characteristic to me is its size. It's huge! Let me list some facts so people can understand.Disney World   30,000 acres; 4 theme parks plus many others like water parks, campgrounds, outdoor parks, etc.; 24 resort hotels not including campgrounds; 99 holes of golf available; employee training center (large office complex); huge area with employee store.HK Disney   350 acres; 1 theme park; 2 resort hotels.Disney World in Orlando is less than 1 4 developed, yet still boasts all of those things. Animal Kingdom, one park, is 500 acres, which is still larger than the entire HK Disney building area. When you enter the Disney property limits, you drive for miles without seeing anything but trees and grass. Their size of the property is astounding. The parks themselves are also huge with too many attractions to finish in one day, especially if lines are long. You can park in one place and travel from park to park by monorail. From Disney's website:  If you wanted to stay in all the guest rooms in all of the hotels and resorts currently open on Walt Disney World property (at a rate of one per night), it would take more than 61 years. HK Disney is based mostly on Magic Kingdom, one of the four theme parks in Walt Disney World. Yet, it is less than half the size of Magic Kingdom. Magic Kingdom has 45 rides. HK Disney 22, and some of those are from other parks such as Animal Kingdom. Worst of all, the rides that are most popular at Magic Kingdom are not even in HK with Space Mountain being the notable exception.For quite some time before going there, I was told HK Disney is small. I was prepared for small. I was not prepared for microscopic. It's like a miniature Magic Kingdom. The castle is 77 feet tall. WDW's is 185 feet tall, over twice as tall. Main St is tiny. When we first arrived, we unknowingly walked from one end of the park to the other not understanding why we couldn't continue (took about 5 minutes). It was only after looking at the map that we realized we had already reached the end of the park.I do not agree with some of the other members on here that construction was great. I thought many things looked quite cheap. There were also a lot of things in rides that were downscaled quite a bit compared to WDW. Overall, I felt they cut a lot of corners with the park.Space Mountain is much smaller, but might actually be better. Lion King was much different, and also possibly a better show overall.I think the worst yet best thing for me was the Mainlanders. I speak fluent Mandarin and a little Cantonese so I could understand what was going on. The worst was the Mainlanders pushing through lines as if there were no other people there. They would spit, bathe in the drinking fountains, remove shirts and shoes and lounge on benches and sidewalks, spit, stare at peole like me who are obviously foreigners and make comments, etc. They couldn't figure out how to use the Fastpass machines and caused all kinds of problems in lines everywhere. They argued when they weren't allowed to cut in front of the legitimate Fastpass holders even though they themselves had no Fastpass. The undertrained staff was too scared to enforce rules for the most part.The best was the HK residents enforcing the rules themselves. At almost every ride, while waiting, an argument would break out between a HK resident and a Mainlander because of something the latter did. It was great to watch and made waiting in line quite fun.I think Disney did a horrible job planning this park. I think Disney was not prepared for the Chinese market and customers and not at all familiar enough with them from the beginning. I think the park misrepresents Disney to those that know nothing of its other parks. There have been countless news stories of administrative problems as well. Disney built its smallest park in one of the most densely populated areas in the world next to the most populous country in the world?!?! I just find it amazing that a company as big as this could make so many mistakes. To me, it all comes down to poor planning and not knowing enough about the local market. Too bad.Visited this place last Jan 23, 2006. Our all ride fee of USD70w as not worth it! Too small with very few rides for children and especially for adults. I think there were more commercial stores or souvenir shops than the rides you can enjoy. They have to drop the entrance fee by at least half so people can appreciate the place and what they paid for. NOt worth visiting the place at the moment not until they upgrade it very soon. The Ocean park is a lot better theme park to go rather than this place.The park is small. Tiny small.They say one of their selling points is that it's the first park built yet that is based entirely on the original park, but with an unlimited imagination this is the best they could come up with.There are only a few attractions. Like four major attractions, three show attractions and a handful of childrens rides.The train that goes around the park is not steam powered  it's electric with a smoke machine to create the  steam  coming out of the smokestack, and it only has two stations  Main Street and Fantasyland.In general, the park lacks character, ambiance and friendliness, the ride ops seem untrained and ambivalent, and I was surprised at how cheaply made it all seemed to be. In fact, several of the attractions felt like carnival rides in their queues and execution. The one thing that bothered me the most is that despite Hong Kongs weather (really hot in the summer and fall, cool in the winter and spring) the park seems unable to deal with it in a comfortable way. The queues are, for the most part outdoors, and there are no water misters or fans to deal with the heat. The food is inexpensive, however, and some of it is really good.The Jungle River Cruise is the best attraction in the park from a design sense, and they really tried to give it the detail it deserves. The finale is fantastic. The english version of the ride needs some ride operators who speak english well, because the jokes all fell really flat when there is no sense of timing or a punchline. The cantonese version was fantastic, and the operators were really very funny.Japan is just four hours north by plane, if you need a Disneyland fix, I would recommend Tokyo Disneyland and DisneySeas in Tokyo Bay instead. Until Hong Kong Disneyland gets more of the classic attractions, it is not worth the money.Obviously I haven't visited Hong Kong Disneyland myself, but it doesn't take a genius to deduce from the final attractions list that this ISN'T the Disneyland we all know and love. This park is distinctly lacking in attractions... and lands.There are only 4 actual moving rides: The Jungle Cruise (slow moving boat ride), The Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh (slow moving dark ride), Buzz Lightyear's Astro Blasters (slow moving dark ride), and Space Mountain (high speed family coaster). So, not much to do for those craving excitement or thrills.There is no Pirates of the Carribean, no Big Thunder Mountain, no Haunted Mansion, no Indiana Jones Adventure, no Splash Mountain, no Peter Pan's Flight, no It's A Small World, no Star Tours, and no Autopia. Yes, you will find none of these attractions in Hong Kong Disneyland.There's also no Frontierland. What? Yes, Frontierland has been completely obliterated from the park, leaving only 4 lands: Main Street USA, Adventureland, Fantasyland and Tomorrowland. Great.It is no doubt a legendary place but I just dont think it's worth the money and headache of overcrowding and overpriced everything. Disney continues to raise the price of admission and the crowds are ridiculous every single day. There are plenty of things to do in SoCal that are cheap or free. Save your family hundreds of dollars and go somewhere else. My partner and I paid $149 each for tickets to this park as my partner wanted to see the original Disney castle.When paying for the tickets nothing was mentioned about a couple of issues we had.Firstly we walked through and tried to take a photo using a selfie stick to be told we either have to throw it away or take it back to the car or hotel as they are banned. So we had to leave and come back again.Then once we finally got back in we saw countless people with cameras on selfie sticks which was very annoying, but not as annoying as them not pre telling us before paying that the castle isn   t even visible as they are working on it or something. It was just wooden panels with a castle painted on it so we paid full price for partial access and activities to be available to us.We should have been told as we   d have left the park for another LA holiday and not wasted $300.Disney this is unacceptable and a true disappointment The only good thing was out breakfast in the Carnation Cafe where the staff were superb and the Apple cinnamon pancakes to die for.All in all a very expensive disappointing day thanks to Disney not pre advising people at the gate as to what works were or are being carried out.Dear DisneylandAfter paying $1000USD for tickets for my family. I don   t think I   m being unreasonable to ask for the following. DISNEYLAND CASTLE I couldn   t believe that there wasn   t any notifications to advise you are renovating the castle and it   s currently all covered up. We missed our chance for the iconic photo in front of the castle. WORKING RIDES. we wasted so much time on your broken down rides. We were stuck inside Splash Mountain for 30mins and then escorted out of the canoes, through the attraction and out to the backlot. There was no apology. Indiana Jones broke down 3 times. My husband and daughter were stuck for 45mins and we were turned around twice due to the ride malfunctioning. Haunted Mansion closed as we approached with our fast pass and then we went up to Roger Rabbit in ToonTown only to be told the ride is closed after lining up. Then being part of an angry mob of people who were turned away and having to rejoin the back of the queue when it reopened. PLEASE UPDATE YOUR APP TO ADVISE WHEN RIDES ARE CLOSED!FIX YOUR WIFI Your wifi reminds me of Australia   s NBN, never working and only available in a couple of spots around the place. In 2019, it   s a minimum to offer wifi especially with a large percentage of international travellers. CROWD CONTROL last Thursday, I felt like a sardine. There must be a limit to the number of people who can access this place. It was really unpleasant being squashed in a crowd with young children and aggressive pram pushers. THE GOOD? Fast passes and golden hour. I would have left Disney without these options. Also having the option to go to California Adventure Park. It   s a shame that it   s taken me 44 years to get to Disneyland and although I enjoyed my day, it was Ted the magical experience that I hoped for. We used to love it at Disneyland but the park is literally just getting busier and busier everytime we go. It ruins the experience. 90 minutes waiting for a 3 minute ride isn't worth it. I'm not sure there's anything they can do but it won't continue to be our go to destinationI   m sad that Disneyland makes you wait in line for Hours to    plead    your case for why your disabled child should get a disability pass. It   s unfair in a very cruel way. They won   t look at your doctors notes. You have to explain,or beg, why your child, should be allowed a pass, Which I kinda get but at the same time, find it very discriminatory. I don   t think they like they way I looked. He didn   t even listen to me. Said he didn   t understand big words, medical terms mean nothing to him, he is not a doctor. He was beyond rude . He was outright mean. I picked a Disney vacation because they cater to families with disabled children. Or at least I thought they did. We were celebrating my daughters last chemo. Which is great and all, but unfortunately because of 28 MONTHS of intense chemo and the high dose steroids to treat blood cancer she has severe osteonecrosis, which we can   t treat because it requires total joint replacement of her ankles, knees and hips, which is not possible during treatment, so we have to wait until her anc comes back with normal numbers and she is healthy enough to undergo such intense surgery. In about 3 months. Until then she lives in intense pain which is ongoing for over a year.  Osteonecrosis is dead bone. My daughters is extremely severe. It   s an extremely painful condition. But that didn   t qualify her for a pass. But a lady standing next to me, her son didn   t like loud noises, he got a pass. I was mind blown. I didn   t even go seeking this out. A cast member, an employee of Disney told me to go do this. To get a DAS pass after seeing her struggle to stand and wince in pain while meeting tinkerbell . The man assessing whether or not my daughter was disabled enough for a pass looked me dead in the eye and asked me why i brought her to Disneyland if she was sick and in pain. What kind of question in that?? I thought it was Disneyland. The happiest place on earth. She has at least 12 major upcoming surgeries, she has been on treatment for cancer for over two years. Why wouldn   t I bring her to Disneyland? We could have went there for a make a wish trip, but she wished something else. She later expressed her desire to have went to Disney and I took her on my own make a wish, and even though Disneyland is actually quite crappy to disabled people. I still got to see her smile and light up at seeing the parade. The joy on her face was contagious at meeting tinkerbell. All in, I   m glad she got to complete her dream of going to Disneyland. She could only do about 3 hours a day, on a 3 day pass. But it   s whatever. We came and saw. We rode 1 ride a day. We wouldn   t dream of ever going back and for that, I   m thankful.Many rides were closed for maintenance. Then other rides shut down while waiting in line. Couldn't even use the FastPass for one of them (Indiana Jones) because it never re opened. Had to return to Thunder Mountain after already waiting an hour before it broke down the first time. Was able to use the Fastpass from Indy to shorten the wait when we returned. The main iconic castle you see in the pictures is covered with some sort of canvas that has a picture of the castle instead.Not worth the few rides we were able to go on for $129 each!Broken down rides, unhappy employees, dirty. Definitely not the most magical place on earth I will go to Disney Orlando again in a minute as we   ve been there many times the girls wanted to try something new so we went to California Disney instead so disappointed. Snow White ride malfunctioned and my husband was hit with the cart. Employee didn   t even care just picked up his back pack that was dropped in the process and handed it to him. The ride was closed down due to him being hit though. None of us ever have the want to return to Disneyland again. We recently went to Balboa Island on vacation with the family. We also have never been to California but figured since we were so close that visiting Disneyland was a MUST!. We went in February which was off season and everything was just okay. It was so overcrowded. Even being offseason, i can't imagine what the busy season looks like or how you could even function.Everyone is packed together and the park is pretty outdated and it shows. For the amount of money Disney brings in and charges they should be ashamed of the condition of the park. Just slapping new paint on old rides and giving it a new name. I know its a type of marketing and branding but the park size is just way to small for the amount of people to go in there.People are rude, My daughter and wife got puked on by some guy getting off a ride at the park. Ive also been to Disney world as we are from the east coast. If you are reading this based on choosing... Go there. its the same cooperate structure but it is far larger and superior as parks go. If I had a choice now i would have gone to knox berry farms instead.We went on what was said to be their slowest week of the year... I guess everyone else in the world did too. We lined up for 45 minutes just to get in the park. Spent so much money on tickets, and then spent half of the day standing in lines for a 2 minute ride. LOVE the rides, but overall not worth it. 3 different rides broke down while we were in line.In summary, Disneyland and Disney California Adventure are not worth the price they charge. For starters, the crowds. We went on a Monday and a Wednesday in January, and it was still extremely crowded. For example, just to get into the park, it took me 45 minutes to get through the security bag check (more on this later). By the time we made it into the parks, the lines for most rides were already 60 90 minutes long. We did utilize the Fastpass system, but it is so limited in how it   s used that you will inevitably be spending time in standby lines throughout the day. On Monday, we arrived at 9:15am and left at 5:30pm. We rode 6 rides. For most of the day, the Cars ride was a 120 minute wait. In addition, the food and restaurants are way overpriced. We did the Blue Bayou (their nicest restaurant, which you need to reserve a month ahead of time due to the crowds), and the Galactic Grill (their budget eatery). The Blue Bayou has price tags that would have passed for a very fancy restaurant. However, we weren   t that impressed with the food. We all agreed that we   ve had better food at chain restaurants than Disneyland   s version of an upscale place. And the Galactic Grill was straight up awful. The kids burger, which was $8, was literally a slider sized sandwich that consisted of two flat and bland buns resting on a dry, thin meat patty. My kids were horrified. We had eaten at In N Out the day before (which is cheaper and far superior) and my kids couldn   t get over how awful their Disneyland burger was. For the price of admission that they are charging now, I am convinced that I do not get my money   s worth. Due to the crowds, in order to experience more than a few things, you either have to go multiple days, or purchase a Maxpass, both of which cost even more money, and in my opinion still don   t deliver. If you do end up going, I would strongly recommend bringing your own food and water. Their food is horrible, and very expensive. We did this the second day we went, and it was a much more pleasant experience. This does necessitate that you bring a bag or backpack, which means you will have to go through the security bag check. So I would recommend getting to the park early so that you don   t end up waiting an hour just to get into the ticketing area! We did this the second day too, arriving at 8:15am (the parks open at 9am). It was still mobbed with people, but I was able to get in by 8:50am. Use the Fastpass system as much as you can. You will still end up waiting in line, usually around 10 20 minutes, but it   s much better than 60 90 minutes. The Maxpass would be nice, since it allows you to obtain a Fastpass from your phone as well as have multiple Fastpasses, but it   s an extra $15 per ticket. We just weren   t willing to give any more money to Disney after such a crazy admission price. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the rides definitely are quality rides. They are fun and exciting and tell a story. And the park is very clean. But as I   ve stated multiple times, it just wasn   t worth it in the end. I am a Southern California grandmother who remembers going to Disneyland as a child and then later taking my son there when he was a child. Now I am able to take my grandchildren there. Unfortunately, I feel an obligation to tell people  especially people who pay lots of money for travel and accommodations   that Disneyland is not what it used to be. Disneyland is very expensive. And very crowded. And the rides don't always work. Last year, I paid over $550.00 to take my son and his family (7 people) to visit the happiest place on earth. We were pretty disappointed because many, many of the rides stopped working throughout the day. I remember the days when ride closures would be announced ahead of time, but these closures were intermittent and seemingly random. We would stand in line for awhile and then be told that the ride had to be taken down for maintenance. In addition, we sometimes had trouble finding a restroom that was open. Three times throughout the day, we were actually turned away from restrooms. For the price that we paid, I really expected more. We haven't been back since, and don't really have a desire to return in the near future. Please, if you are planning to travel a distance, book hotel rooms, and buy multi day tickets think carefully about whether or not you really want to spend all that money on something that is sadly not what it used to be.We went as a Family of four with two teenagers 15 18, over from New Zealand and thought the park was highly overrated, expensive, crowded, and you get no advantage with a fast pass. If you are coming from New Zealand or Australia don   t waste your time and money, just go to movie world on the Gold Coast as we found that a lot better than either Disney park. Too much hype on the Disney name. We went in the heat of summer so we were braced for the heat yet after we had paid for both the Disneyland park hopper we realised that many of the main attractions had broken down. Due to the heat the performers could not parade and the fireworks were also cancelled. We went to the reception at the end of the day and told them about our experience they were all extremely friendly and helpful and offered to give us a season pass or a full refund. I must admit that made the day a lot better. The next day we went to Universal Studios. I would recommend it much more, fun rides, cheaper than Disney, great cooling systems and all the rides were working. I have two a 7 and 6 yr old. First week of January and it was busy. If you don't live in California, have kids that go to school, and you have not ever been to Disneyland, it's extremely hard to go when this place is not busy! Overall, if you haven't been to Disneyland go one time when the kids will remember it and spend at least 3 days. And try to avoid doing it 3 straight days if you can, because the kids will not wake up early and stay there until 10pm  that's a long day and lot of money! You would have to plan meals to bring if you want to save. On top of that LONG lines waiting for a one minute ride. Fast track pass, ridiculous, it's a waste of money. You would have to arrive at the park really early to make a good use of it and you'll be lucky to get 3 rides with a fast pass. I honestly do not think it's worth spending your money here. You will have a way enjoyable and relaxing vacation going somewhere else where it's not overly expensive, crowded, and waiting from 70 to 160mins   2.5hrs for a one minute ride! Characters? It's about luck on busy days. You want rides or meet characters? How about shows? No way! Unless you have enough time and money to spend to everything, but you will not do it in less than 3 days. Not the happiest place on earth after 3hrs here. We had good experience in the past when kids were not in school, but now vacation will be planned somewhere worth going. The crowds are a cause for safety concerns. We arrived New Year   s Day (which was actually nice) however today January 3rd.... the crowds were so large it was aweful..... The park is decorated extremely nice, especially showing its beauty at night. The average    main    rollercoasters averaged 2 3 hour waits when not using fast pass. Enjoyed most of my trip, but hope not to come back again for 5  years at least.Great rides but lines were just waaay too long. Think Disneyworld is significantly better in that respect.Do not waste your money. Disneyland is not magic anymore. Expensive, over crowded, poor food ( it is like paying fine dining prices for Macdonalds) Takes forever in lines to go on any ride, and then you realize that you pain hundreds of dollars to stand in a line. I have been to Disney World in Florida as a child and now I am well into my adulthood.I still wanted to hit Disnelland for the experience. And now that they own franchises like Star Wars and Marvel, then it seems like more incentive for me to visit, right?Not really.Disneyland is a victim of their own success. It's way too overcrowded and yes, I understand that it's supposed to appease children, but the sheer amount of people pushing baby strollers was ridiculous. I heard that they allow folks to ride electric scooters. That wouldn't be such a bad idea if the walking lanes were not so densely populated. The lines to wait on some of the rides (at least the ones I wanted to ride) were unbearable. So my judgement is based on how much I paid to enter versus what I was actually able to enjoy when I was there. I keep hearing people say you have to go early. So let me get this straight;Instead of being among the thousands, I will be among hundreds that are also early birds?If I showed up right when the gates open, I could probably squeeze in one more ride but it also meant that I had to stay 2 or so more hours at the park to get in that one extra ride. By the time I'm finished that, I'll be among thousands once again.All it means is that I would have to stay there longer and for what you pay, it's not really worth it.Just go if it's something you have to take off your bucket list or if you've never been to any Disney themed park. My guess is that they will eventually have a baby stroller museum and daily contest.Make this quick. MaxPass it! Schedule the rides. Try to do the early in times as well. Prepare for rude people after 1pm, lots of stroller road rage, try to keep your family safe! next time we know but I think I will wait another year before returning. We will try California adventure this summer.The park really disappointed me! all the rides are for little kids and not for adults at all. we actually upgraded the 97$ tickets (a person) and went to the other park adventure (it costs us 50$ a person). The parade was great and there wasn't light pardae show.The queue line is busy we waited 80 minutes ! to 1 rideWe traveled to California for a 5 night vacation. We purchased a 3 day hopper pass to Disney. We were traveling with our son who is handicapped and our 2 year old daughter. It was very clear the first day we arrived at the park that the staff was very unsure how to help or answer questions we had. We would get conflicting answers and some of the staff was rude. It definitely did NOT have the vibe of    the happiest place on earth!    Very disappointed! Sad to spend that kind of money and feel like it was a waste! Hi we are a family from Australia with teens. I have been to The Park three times this will be my last . Tickets are so expensive which I understand as there is a huge upkeep but it   s the way there is no consideration of guests if something is out of order . We got talked into one park pass over two days and the ride we came for the roller coaster in the adventure park broke , we had a fast ticket. I went to customer relations to see if we could do something like come and ride it tmro and it was a flat no. We had a fast ticket the next day to Indiana Jones and they also broke . The guy told us we could come back later no problems . We got sent a multiple ride voucher as a supposed concession so we went on another ride only to find out we couldn   t go back on the Indiana jones as a fast pass . As the tickets are so expensive I think that was a but rough.Been a few times, but this one was my last. Too many strollers, and now adding too many scooters to the walkways. I hope disney owners have good lawyers to penny up when they let scooter speed and hit people in the parks, or near the gates, I was almost hit by two speeding scooters. Also you cannot walk through without someone, or something hitting your heals and taking off your shoes, so crowded and just disfunctional now. The security asked me what my medication was, like not even airport security would ever ask me that, and when I said the name she looked so satisfied that she was able to be so snoopy to things that are not a risk to the public at all. It also use to be cleaner, not no more with all the pissed off employees that dont get paid enough. I seen staff yelling at a woman for texting and walking, it was disturbing to be yelling at her like that as if he was a policeman. I seen rude staff this time everywhere. Not magical no more.I realize that most people won't care about this review as the magical mystery created from youth will still lead you to go here and by no means do we want you not to go, but a good dose of reality needs to be taken prior and during your visit.While many Disney staff eagerly want your visit to be joyful and memorable, the greed of management has put many responsible for line management woefully unprepared. Fast passes cost money, especially when you purchase the on line app version to make it easier to get around the park and to manage when and where you want to go. We arrived at the park at 9am with a six year old and we knew that you really only get one good hour per year your kid is   giving us 6 hours at the park before she melts. This was our last day of a very expensive investment in Disney (we are Vacation members as well) and we were only able to get a fast pass for the Haunted Mansion for 5:40pm. It was going to be a long day   but she really wanted to go. We stayed at the park all day and when we finally got to the Mansion, we told the staff person we were here for our fast pass and he pointed to a very long line. We said, 'no' we have a fast pass for this attraction and he said   yes   that is the line. There must have been 1000 people in line and when I asked in disbelief how that could be for the fast pass   he said    well, its faster than the other line as the main line was 3 hours at that point  That is poor management and poor customer service. There wan't any way we were going to wait another 45 minutes with a six year old   let alone consider waiting in the main line. Clearly Disney handed out too many fast passes to make money and in our case took it without us ever having a chance to redeem the pass. We left.We spoke to several other Disney staff and they were as indignant as the others. Fair warning... if you think that the fast pass system will truly make your park experience a skip the line experience   think again. The staff acted tired and overworked and under  Disney ed . This was a very expensive   average experience and we will chose other parks in the future.I paid how much to stand in a line for hours?!? It took me an hour just to get to the bag inspection. It is wall to wall people, quite literally. I recall decades ago we could check off all the rides in a day and have a blast doing it. Now, we will be lucky to ride 4 or 5 after standing for 75   135 minutes in the hot sun for each ride. I would much rather they tell me tickets are sold out than keep packing people in and making things miserable. Plus, I get the privilege of overpaying for food and drink. $5 for a coke? $4 for a small bag of chips? I will NOT return to this park.A large number of broken rides including the cars ride.  Pay the extra and get the fast pass mobile app to speed up the process and get on more rides quicker.We visited this park during our 2 week trip to California, we were abit shocked on how much it cost but we thought we are only going here once so we had to do it, I don   t even know where to start, we knew it would be busy but we checked crowd calendar and decided to visit on the    quietest    day, we literally couldn   t move, I expected a busy day but it wasn   t enjoyable at all, all the magic was taken away by people pushing and shoving and us having push chairs rammed into us all day, the queues were beyond a joke, we even had express pass which was pointless as everyone seemed to have the same idea. We queued for jungle cruise for about an hour to get near the front and be told it had broke and to go and visit another attraction, the place has gone to pot, it   s no longer about making people happy and dreams coming true, it   s all about how much money they can bleed from you. A meal itself Cost us around 30 dollars, which was just basic scrambled egg and breakfast potatoes, I don   t know how it   s actually possible for a full family to visit, I feel sorry that people save all year round to go somewhere where you   re basically in a queue to just walk. I will definitely never be visiting this park or probably any other Disney Park again as it   s all about greed now. Our recent trip with the family of 9 members included 3 vegans. We found that very few places had decent choices for plant based eating. In fact most of the food was not the healthiest anyway. Disneyland needs to step up and offer better, nutritious eating. We been there for fun day me and my wife and we was waiting for fantasmic show which is the best experience in Disneyland Then they told us that they cancelled in that day!!!!!!!!! So u have to be sure that the show it showing in your visiting day ... really they spoiled our day Crazy packed even on a Tuesday, to the point where you could barely move. Hard to enjoy the experience when you have people walking on your heels or running you over with a stroller. Food was also crazy expensive and mediocre at best. Thankfully we did not have to wait in line long for rides, but I will say the rides are definitely not worth standing in line for more that 30 minutes. Only real positive things I found were that there were some really cool souvenirs (crazy expensive, go figure), and that most of the cast members are super helpful and nice. Special shoutout to the guy at Pizza Planet that cleaned up my boyfriend   s pop spill with a smile and even suggested he go get a refill for free. If you have kids it may be worth going, but if you   re looking to relive your childhood I would stick to a Disney movie marathon. Perhaps Disneyland has been oversold as a paradise. Perhaps I'm a grumpy old codger. Perhaps it would have been more fun if I had taken children and I could have watched them be happy. It was unpleasantly hot. It was unpleasantly crowded. The lines were long. Two of the five rides I took broke down and we had to walk out. The last ride I took, Space Mountain, was an exercise in keeping my dinner inside of me. That would have been easier to do had the food at Disneyland been something besides low quality, marginally edible and high priced.So I left earlier than planned, and thus ended up happy. Save your money.What a shame. Plan for a vacation and spent one hour....Just in line to get into the park. No staff giving directions or info. About 3 4 lines that went all the way out to the street. We   re talking about 2 3 blocks. But, if you do not have anything with you, and they mean nothing. Small bag, not even a large wallet, then you go to a smaller line. I have never seen such lines anywhere, park, attractions or stadiums. Getting cheap on security, guess they do not want to spend money on staff. Save yourself from waisting your morning. Never come early on busy days!!!!!!Hopefully I can provide some useful information based upon our recent visit to the Disneyland parks in Anaheim.  Admittedly I am not a fan of amusement parks and this is our third Disney experience, with the others in Orlando. My first advise would be to...More  Crowded too many people   All the restaurants, rides was full with crazy lines   Even the free rest chairs was full no where to sit   Long line to have photo with characters   Don   t got in trap and buy fast pass tickets because even with fast pass youI   ve been many times to the parks, both in Anaheim and Orlando and as the time goes by, the experience gets worse.At Disneyland Park in Anaheim, my last visit, even when the family spent a nice holidays, the park itself was a poor experience since in my perspective the obsession for profits overcome the visitos   s experience. That is, It   s getting more important to them to make obscene revenues at the time they are forgetting the visitor   s unforgettable and magic experience the park was created for.The restaurants, rides, shops, photo opportunities are sooo overcrowded that you spend most of your magic time standing in line.That insaine amount of visitors impacts in dirty restaurants with napkins and french fries all over the floor and seats, all wet restrooms and constant closure of the rides caused by failures.Some places are torn down, abandoned and useless like the former People Mover and the Carrousel of Progress. Closing the park for a refurbish? Are you completely deranged?The Matterhorn ride is a piece of junk, bolts and nuts fly behind you as you feel loosen and torn wheels and carts.Photo opportunity with a character? Get in a large line and be quick, the former smiling costumed hostess now is a grumpy lady with a radio in a mcdonald   s uniform.Well I could keep writing how different it was 10 or 20 years ago, but the new management are great making profits but they clearely are missing the point.Let me share with you the official mission statement and please tell me where in the world is stated the customer experience, fun, magic moments....Sorry Walt, they made it a cave of thieves!Official statement:   to be one of the world   s leading producers and providers of entertainment and information. Using our portfolio of brands to differentiate our content, services and consumer products, we seek to develop the most creative, innovative and profitable entertainment experiences and related products in the world.   First bit of advice     book online otherwise you   ll be stuck in a queue to drive into the carpark, you   ll be stuck in a queue to get on the tram to the ticket booths, you   ll be stuck in another queue to get tickets, then another queue to get into the park itself, not to mention the horrific queues to the rides     some over 2 hours long just to do a ride that takes minutes    So booking online means, well, one less queue   Next bit of advice     get there early     though it that could actually mean a toss up between being stuck in the LA traffic and being stuck in the queue into the Disneyland carpark   .OK that   s enough of the queues  they really do ruin the experience for me though    ...On the disabled access front it   s all very accessible     there   s disabled parking   be sure to verbally communicate to the parking staff that you have a Blue Badge  they will recognise this there  otherwise you'll just be waved to normal parking..There   s an accessible tram from the carpark to the actual Park itself, but there   s also an accessible bus option  Mickey Bus  instead of the tram. It   s level all around the park itself.In terms of access to the rides for wheelchair scooter users     here   s the deal     you can book a    Return Time    this means you go to the ride you want to do and you organise a time when you   ll come back and do it which is comparable to the time you would have spent in the queue. You can only have ONE return time active at any one time    We didn   t realise this and went to book a return time on another ride and was then told that was how it worked, by this point we   d been in the park 2 hours and not actually been on a ride so I went slightly ballistic saying something like  this was the worst place I'd ever been to in my life  and the woman very kindly gave us a few    Fast Passes    which give you access to the rides via the exit.That was very nice of her, she also let us onto the ride she was on which was the Peter Pan ride which was way too tame for my 11 and 13 year old but at least we had got on something!We then used a Fast Pass to get on Matterhorn Bobsleds    now I have a disability which means my neck isn   t the greatest and this ride was a bone shaker and I couldn   t wait to get off it! I   m sure it would be fun if you didn   t have any bone issues but it was very much an old, jolting rollercoaster.Space Mountain was a more modern rollercoaster and I had something to lean my head neck on so that was much better and great fun     in fact my children did that one 3 times.Pirates of the Carribean was OK     we   d booked a return time   I wouldn   t say it was worth a 2 hour wait.The boys enjoyed riding cars in Autopia which we went on as it had the shortest queue.And that was the sum total of rides we went on during a 9 hour visit, at a cost of $117 each plus $20 for parking plus $7.99 for one slice of pizza in a horrible    restaurant       I   ll leave you to decide that makes it good value for money but personally it one in a lifetime stuff     not because it was amazing but more because we sort of felt we    should    take the kids.Later in the holiday we found ourselves on The Beach Boardwalk in Santa Cruz   $40 for an all day pass to all the rides, virtually no queues for anything and some thrilling rides     my son went on 12 rides in less than 3 hours there! Crazy by comparison. Make sure you take water bottles  can be refilled for free at fountains , sun cream and have an ice cream in the parlour     probably the highlight of my day apart from the idea of never having to go there again.This is such a disappointment when compared to Disneyworld. It's much smaller and is more packed in. The lines where crazy, and there is dead ends every where there. The castle looks petite compared to Orlando. Would not recommend or go again. Go to Florida instead. You won't be disappointed!My family spent one day in the park, and in the whole scope of our 12 day trip to California, Disneyland was easily the one thing we all said we wished we hadn't done.It is incredibly crowded, unbelievably overpriced, and uninteresting to say the least.What they did right:1. The park is unbelievably clean. With this many people, I'd have expected it to be a mess. But honestly, it was clean everywhere. Kudos to the maintenance staff.2. The parking and the tram to the park were very easy to use   other than the fact that the parking ramp isn't marked very well, so it's easy to get turned around. The tram ride was comfortable and fast.What they did wrong:1. The lines for the rides were ridiculous, and very deceptive. We'd walk to a ride and see not many people standing by it, get in line and suddenly the line would turn a corner, or go inside a building and there would be 400 people in front of you. We were there for six hours and rode exactly four rides.2. You better be in your seat an hour and a half ahead of time for the fireworks display. If not, baton waving teenagers will herd you around and around, sending you in different directions while the show is going on. This one really pissed me off. I wanted a picture of me with my family with the castle and the fireworks in the background. We finally found someone willing to take our picture (another visitor), and just as we were getting ready, some knucklehead employee starts waving his baton at us and shouting at us to  keep it moving or leave the park.  No picture. We left the park... never to return.3. We downloaded the Disneyland App, which has a section on it for  Disney Photos    you know, the ones they take of you just as you are screaming down a ride? After coaxing my 14 y.o. daughter to finally go on a  big  ride, we went to check out the photos. The look on my daughter's face in the picture was priceless, and we all had a great laugh about it. I wanted to buy the picture, so I went to the photo booth near the ride and asked to buy it. The employees both told me that the picture would be available on the app in a matter of minutes, so there was no need to buy it unless I wanted them to print it out. I decided that I could print it on my own, and they both assured me that was the best way to do it. We went on our way, and later when I went back on to the app to see the picture, it wasn't there. So now we have no picture. When someone wants to spend money at your business, it makes sense to let them spend it, not talk them out of it. Dumb.I could go on and on about how commercialized the place is. Everything is for sale. And nothing is cheap. And the rides aren't exciting. If you want rides, go to Knott's Berry Farm or Six Flags.Not my first time visiting Disneyland but will be my last. We may have chosen a busy time of year to go but they really do pack way too many people in. It's clearly more about the money for them than providing a good experience for the visitors. Ride waiting times were ridiculous, with some of them around 2 hours. We paid   450 for our family to visit yet only had time for 4 rides in the whole day (and we arrived early). You can always pay more for fast track tickets but we felt we had already paid more than enough. I really don't agree with the fast track system anyway   giving priority to those with the most money. If the fast track system wasn't in place then overall waiting times would be far shorter. Again, it's clearly all about the money for them now. Ride times aside, the place was so busy that it was hard to even walk down the road without bumping into people. Food, drink and merchandise is way overpriced. We all felt completely ripped off by the end of the day and definitely wont be returning.It's ok. It's really expensive for not that much. You can walk around the park in about an hour. Lines are way too long. The rides are very cool, if you have the patience to wait on the lines. If you don't go, you didn't miss out.Having had an excellent time in Disney Florida a few years ago we were excited to be spending two days here when visiting California.Very disappointed. We left early and we didn't come back on the second day ... we went to Six Flags Magic Mountain instead.The selection of rides is limited if you are looking for some thrill rides and certainly doesn't offer the same scope and scale as their park in Florida.Service was great as was the ambiance in the park.... just not recommended if you are with teenagers.Its Disney, its worth a visit. but we went on a hot day on a Wednesday. midweek thinking it would be less people. I was wrong. there must have been a million people or more. Im not kidding! it was soooo crowded. we only were able to ride some kids rides that only had 40 minute waits. and a couple others because ppl started lining up for the parade. the rest of the rides were 1 hour plus and many were 2 hours or more. if you have the $ and don't want to spend the entire day waiting in hot lines with no coverage from the sun get one of the ride passes. this visit was so unsatisfying. It has been 10  years since my last visit and I don't think I feel the need to ever go back. they need to limit ticket sales so that you can actually enjoy some rides (but they wont because disney wants the $). they need to put up some sort of sails or something to give people coverage from the sun while waiting. you wait in line to park. you wait in line to go through security. you wait in long line to actually enter the park. you wait in extremely long lines for rides. Essentially you pay to wait in lines! i do have to admit the food services were good. fast service and tasty food. that's it the only positive.I can   t even believe I just gave a Disney park 2 stars. We absolutely LOVE Disney and are longtime visitors to WDW, however this was our 1st visit to Disneyland. Maybe it was the fact that we went over the 4th of July, but we found the park unbearable after about 1pm. Thank goodness for Maxpass. We knew going in that it was a lot smaller than Magic Kingdom, but holy cow the crowds. The lines for food were crazy. I waited 45 minutes AFTER I ordered at Bengal BBQ. I had already been in line for about 15 minutes just to order, which wasn   t too bad. But to wait 45 min to get the food was unbelievable and then one of our kabobs was raw. In hindsight we should have used mobile ordering. I think the thing that really did it for us were the numerous large families that were blatantly cutting the line. I   m talking 8 12 ppl (no joke) pushing themselves thru or actually unhooking the chains. This happened quite frequently, it was unreal. It made me think this was the norm here. Through out the park, the cast members were a strange mix of extremely friendly and helpful to some that were downright rude, which surprised me. The wifi was spotty and my phone battery drained very quickly using the app. Make sure you have a few portable chargers on you. I   m a huge Disney fan, but I don   t really have much of a desire to return other than to maybe see what we missed. I was pretty disappointed since this was a longtime bucket list kind of thing. We felt like we missed so much of the basic atmosphere because there were just so many people absolutely everywhere. We only had one day in each park, so that was part of the problem. Trying to cram it all in. If I could do it again, I would have gone with 3 day park hoppers. DL in the am and hop over to DCA mid day. DCA was awesome btw, which was another surprise :)We were excited to travel in to the park and see Aurora's castle. Coming from Disneyworld in Orlando, you have high expectations of Disney. As we turned the corner on Main Street and got our first glimpse of the castle, you left with saying,  that's it??  The trees surrounding the castle were much taller than the castle is, and instead of being in awe (as you are when you first see Cinderella's Castle, you get a better understanding of  It's a Small World.  This isn't the only big difference between Disneyland and Disneyworld, it doesn't take long walking around to see, there is no focus on the princesses at all. This park will definitely leave you being thankful that Walt had a much bigger dream in Orlando.Totally agree with a previous comment, we took our 4 year old granddaughter, had a 4 day pass and only used 2 because she didn't want to go back again. The lines are horrendous, out dated and so short for the 30 to 90 minute line up. The people are rude and obnoxious. Children wait in the heat while adults with so called fast passes get on kids rides first. We went to universal studio first and our 4 year old had a blast. The rides are 4D, graphics are fantastic and the commentary is brilliant, staff are friendly and helpful, and make sure that you feel welcome.Been in Orlando and Paris, rides breaking down  on a regular basis .this is are second time and our last , weather great , people greatWe visited Disneyland Anaheim resort in June, 2018.  We paid a good price for two adults and one pre teen, the park was not crowded, the parking was done quickly but, most of the main rides were closed.  Disneyland really needs to get it together!!!!We have been to Disney world several times and have also been on several Disney cruise so when in Anaheim we had to go here. I know it   s the    original    and was pumped after reading reviews. I found it small, old and lacking the Disney magic we experienced with other Disney vacations. I was expecting what we   d encountered previously but that   s not what we got. It was almost like any other amusement park. I   m glad we went for the experience but next time we will be going back to Florida. Not very well organised. Hard to find the restrooms. Hard to find bubblers. Very very expensive. Very disappointed, probably because we went to Universal Studios first and they were great! It is nice to go to Disney once but since it is our 4th time we are done.Came to see the  amazing fireworks  for the 4th. Purchased a twilight pass for 4pm til 12. We were worried it would be too crowded, but got in without any issues. A big tip to those coming on the 4th. Get your spot Early to see 9:30 fireworks. Disney fails to warn you that if you do not get your spot by 7pm. behind a roped in area, you are basically jipped to see the show. Cast members will hurd you along the walkway like cattle, not allowing you to watch the fireworks. We felt a bit mislead, and thought it was kind of a RIP off. For what we spent to be there for the fireworks, you weren't even allowed to watch them if you weren't in roped in area. The crowds definitely increased towards the 9:30 showtime. Also, Disneyland is small and Not Disneyworld by any standards. Kind of disappointing.Though our family has had a few trips to Disneyland in California our last trip was particularly a waste of time. They allow way too many people access to the park at one time, not only making for extremely long lines but near closing of the park, Nearing the fireworks show, the park became so packed simply walking became an issue. One would think this is a fire hazard should anything go wrong during your visit. Now I can see if you went as a couple large crowds may not be an issue but as a family of 6 with small children just moving through the crowd and keeping track of your children is a task in itself. Making enjoying the park unachievable.But as I started off saying.... My family and I have had many trips to this park not all were as bad as the last. My advise.. ENTER AT UR OWN RISKWe were visiting from FL and my wife wanted to see the original Disneyland. So we went on a Monday (thinking less crowded) We went to California adventure first, (thank god). Had a great time there. then went across the way to Disney and experienced a crush of people like I've never seen! Spent most of the afternoon just trying to get from one spot in the park to the next. I'm glad we went so my wife could check it off on the bucket list but we'll stick to the Florida parks where you can actually see the street in front of you.My last time to visit. To many people, very high cost to attend, $110.00 admission  $4.74 for water  $13.00 for any meal, approximate.  Overworked staff  I know it is Disneyland, but based on my observations, not the most happy place in the world.Overcrowded and oversold. There is no point in putting more people in the park than it's capacity. Long wait times and endless lines. No value for moneyWe got caught off guard how bureaucratic Disney can be!When we booked the tickets off the app, nothing was said explicitly about selfie stick not allowed into the park. We explained we did not deliberately bring the selfie stick but forgot to remove it from the bag since we came in a rush. We perfectly understood why selfie stick is not allowed in the park.Even better, there was not facility to store the selfie stick and the only options (which were not options to us) were to leave it in the car (which we took Lyft there) or throw it away (drastic!).Yes we so excited to see Mickey and we did not read carefully the 1000 lines of terms and conditions before heading to the park but why not spare some thought for customers to allocate lockers to store the long list of prohibit items, which could be accessed after exiting the park? Why no such option?We saw people smoking and puffing in the park too why they were allowed entry to the park with cigarettes and e cigarettes in their bag??This was a bad start of the day resulted from bad thought process of handling exceptions!We wanted a refund and got directed by security to the ticket booth, waited for 30 mins and the booth staff apologized they could not help since the ticket was booked from the app!We were so looking forward to this visit after growing up as longtime pass holders. Our daughter   s special needs were not accommodated or acknowledged by staff. Ignored by characters... We won   t be back.   Universal Studios really saved our vacation.I love visiting here with my girlfriend but it was ridiculously packed this time about 3 4 hours wait times for each ride. For the price of the ticket it was not that worth itThere is so much I could say about the way the budget cuts and poor cast training is spoiling Walts little park but as a long time returning visitor I will simply address the cuts in cleaning and leave it at saying these cuts apply to the way the place is run as a whole . We first visited in 2004 and couldn't get over how amazingly well the place was kept , the legendary no litter everything spotless . Now it appears the rivers of America has plastic bottles and popcorn boxes floating around all over ,bins overflow and when folks empty drinks or snack bags they just drop them on the floor . Walt Disneys legendary Disneyland railway train pulls into the station full of litter both on the floor and on the seats . The restrooms that used to be the cleanest I had used now are dirtier than the ones at Heathrow airport (no Mr Iger that is not a compliment)We were looking forward to our visit to Disneyland. We were highly disappointed. Complete waste of money. Disneyland is nothing like Disney world. We knew it wouldn   t be the same; but we were at least hoping to feel the same magic. We did not. We did not see any characters the whole time we were there. The only thing this park cares about is selling it   s merchandise. Whether it be disney or Star Wars merchandise, it was being pandered everywhere. The park is overcrowded. Ride lines are outrageous. Even with maxpass you wait over two hours. The Pixar parade was a joke. Only 20 minutes long. Food prices are through the roof. Never again will we visit a Disney resort or property. Time to move on to universal studios. Oh boy. So crowded. Even on a Wednesday. Lots of rides broken or closed. Wait times ridiculous even using fast pass. Save yourself the peril and pick another destination. Tip if you do go , get there in the early morning 8:00 am. However if you do want to arrive early, stay at the resort, because LA traffic will be prohibitive. You   ll spend more this way. Catch 22! Park is 60 years old and has not expanded much, but attendance has tripled. Our kids 12 and 13 has about 0 fun. Really Disney? For these prices everything should be operational and you should not have time to eat your over priced lunch while waiting in line for a ride that may or may no work by the time you get to starting gate. UUGHAfter travelling from Australia to visit my dream theme park, I was sadly disappointed.The crowds are excessive , the wait times on rides excessive(some up to 2 hours) the shows difficult to see due to the masses. The express pass booths are situated in ridiculous spots that correspond to the ride, you think they would be right outside the ride but most aren   t and you waste so much time running around trying to find them. Not being able to check in to a new FASTPASS ride for another hour makes it difficult for you to plan your day.if your an adrenalin junkie and looking for thrills this is NOT the place to come. The rides are mostly directed at kids below the age of about 7. Slow , boring , and mostly same ride over and over again just a different carriage in a different land.BEST RIDE IN DISNEYland: buzz light year Astro BEST RIDE IN DISNEY CALIFORNIA: guardian of galaxy and the speedway race car.TOP TIP: if you don   t want to wait 2hours plus for the speedwY race car in Disney California , than I suggest you get up early go to the park on open and check in your fast passes for your group immediately otherwise FASTPASS for this ride is sold out by 11am. (Ridiculous) if not go single rider , at least you get to ride it then.Paid extra for the Maxpass, not worth it, the fast pass system is broken, a lot of the time you wait longer then standbyMy daughter's knees dislocate and so she was in a wheelchair. The people working the shuttle buses were amazing. The ones running the rides were hit and miss. I had a party of five, three of us big girls and two skinny. At the Teacups and the Haunted Mansion there was no concern about whether my hanicapped daughter and our group made it completely or safely into the seats of the ride. One of us almost got hurt at HM and one of us lost our place to ride at Teacups. So busy we only got on seven rides in 11 hours, only two of the rides eligible for fast passes. Went May 21. Also paid $50 flex for CA Adventures to find false advertising on tv because the Pixar stuff was not done. Overall, felt like Walt is rolling in his frozen tube. The workers were about 75% not caring and 25% amazing. And the difference was that vast. No in between. We also spent well over $1500.What a let down. After coming all the way from Australia, and spending close to USD$1000 to go for just 2 days, we were disappointed with the original Disneyland, nothing like what you expect. The place is creepy, the rides are average and scary (as in weird, not as in exciting scary) and not great for kids under 10 at all. We were much more impressed the second day with California Adventure Park which is the second part of Disneyland, much more like what we expected, rides were great, not creepy and had more themed sections that kids could relate to. But overall, not overly impresssed. I would recommend California Adventure Park but not original Disneyland. Two stars and not one star only because Adventure Park was good. Otherwise, overrated, way overpriced and original Disneyland was just creepy.Hours wasted only to be told the ride we were waiting on was closing. Experienced this eight times on Memorial Day weekend. One ride failed as we were boarding. Failures in both parks. All for the low low price of 185.00 per day US and six in our party. Do the math. Disney truly needs to get their act together and fix their gear. A Hugh disappointment. I   m pretty sure Mr Disney would not be a happy bunny if he saw his parks today. I   ve come over 5000 miles and paid through the nose to stand in line at rehashed rides and over pay for any food or beverages. This is smaller than Orlando & has limitations due to the availability of real estate nearby. BUT and this is a huge BUT for the money I paid for a one day 2 park hopper & the amount of profit Disney make they need to limit the parks capacity (that   s both parks). Fast pass is a swizz and you need to plan really well if you still insist on getting one. The only redeeming light is the cast members who make the experience bearable. We had a four day pass and I was basically done after the second day. The place was crawling with people. I had a scooter to share with my husband and people just kept cutting us off. Line ups galore at each ride. Even the fast passes were 30minute wait. Cars ride was 75min wait with fast pass. I don   t think I   ll return to Disneyland. Once is enough for me.We had a very disappointing experience at Disneyland. My husband needs an ECV because of heath issues, he cannot walk for long periods at a time. Where you have to rent them is a long walk from where you get off the tram. We get inside and there are strollers everywhere. It is so hard to maneuver around them and if you need to park your ECV.... good luck.....I asked one employee where to park it at the Peter Pan ride and he says  It is a 45 minute wait for the ride.  What?!?!?! I told him... I am aware of that, we are willing to wait, where can my husband park his ECV? He says by the stroller parking. Thankfully, he did find a place. We ate in the French Market area for supper and the whole place was messy. The tables were dirty and ground covered with powdered sugar and trash, while about a dozen people working there had ample time to talk and laugh with each other instead of cleaning up the area. The Jungle Ride was a disaster....we waited for 45 minutes to ride and then the employee goes so fast during the ride, you didn't have time to look at anything. People were trying to take pictures and finally gave up. Then when the ride is over, we have to wait to get off because the boats are backed up! Hey... why don't you go slower during the ride that we waited so long for???? We have been to Disneyworld and it is a much better experience. I was expecting the same from Disneyland and we were left disappointed in our experience. We were thinking about going to Disney's California Adventure, but because of our experience here, we didn't want to waste more money by having a bad experience. I have always wanted to come to Disneyland and can say that I have been here, but not worth the money to come back.Disney's decision to practically give away annual passes to locals has ruined Disneyland. It used to be the Happiest Place on Earth. Now, with locals jamming the attractions EVERY day, even mid week on cloudy days during school, there is no longer a  good time to go.  It is aggravating to know that you paid about the same price for a three day pass as the locals paid for a one year pass. Disney needs to increase the annual pass cost to decrease crowd sizes by about 30%. It's just not fair, and it's just not fun with that many people. What used to be a Magic Kingdom is now just an Amusement Park due to the crowds of locals who drop in all the time.If you want to pay  100$ and spend most of your day lining up, this is your place. We spent 8 hours and only could do 4 rides. A total shame and terrible memory for the kids. We will never be backCafe Orleans nice Lobster salad GONE! choices getting worse.let's review a few other dining deaths because they are actually good and Disney does not like to spend money on good food:Lobster Salad...............................Cafe OrleansFrito Misto.................................... Alfresco TerraceCinnomon Rolls.....................,.......Disneyland BakeryCinnomon Roll French Toast..........Carnation CafeMahi mahi Fish Tacos..................Tangaroa Terrace (cheap small shrimp tacos)Nice Breakfast...............................River Belle Terrace now an expensive mediocre restarauntShort Rib Sandwhich ....................Carthay CircleChili Fries with Sour Cream............Smokejumpers GrillBLT flatbread...................................now the Red Rose TaverneFried Green Tomatoes.....................Hungry Bear (you can get them for 5X the price at BB)I'm so sick of Disneyland taking away the good things and replacing with obviously cheaper dining options. If you want us to spend our dollars in the park improve the dining!!!!Had a 2 day hopper pass 1 park per day.Also had the max pass which I think was about $10 per person.As there were so many people found it hard to use this pass as the rides seemed to be booked out and the app would only let you book 1 ride an hour.The 1 main ride we did book ,which was for early evening broke down and we couldn't ride it.Got there at about 10am and left at 9pm and only managed to get on 4 rides.My tips for going to Disney would be get there early and make sure you have everything well organised or it will be a waste of money like it was for us.The crowds here are unbelievable.I have visited Disneyland at least once a year for each of the last ten years. My four day trip that concluded five days ago was the first time I left disappointed. It just wasn't as much fun and the hospitality was just off. From wrong food orders at in park eateries (on two separate occasions) to poor crowd management to the several rides being  temporarily closed , it just wasn't a very pleasant experience this time around. Normally, the high priced tickets are easier to accept because they usually give a five star experience to you and your children. The cast members that were there the week of April 23rd just didn't seem  with it.  They mostly seemed indifferent to the experience we were having and that attitude had not been the case on my previous dozen or so visits. It was supposedly  Pixar Fest.  Aside from a couple posters and a change to the evening fireworks display, there was no way I could tell.I don't know if it was because significant portions of the park were under construction (especially California Adventure) or if they were not expecting crowds that big for the post Spring Break pre Summer period or if there is someone new in charge that is not properly motivating the employees. I just don't know. What I do know is that, for the first time, I am questioning if the amount of money I spent on this trip was worth it. Especially when you factor in the fact I stayed at the Disneyland Hotel. It is disappointing to think I could have spent a week in Hawaii for the same price and had a better experience.I hope whatever is going on is temporary. It will be truly sad if the park goes the way of most of corporate America; a quick money grab that forgets the customers are the reason it makes any money in the first place.We were so excited to visit the original Disneyland, but couldn't have been more disappointed. The overcrowding was unbelievable for an 'off peak' Thursday  i can't even begin to imagine a peak day... We managed to get on 3 rides the whole day, the queuing was out of control  going round the sides of rides before you'd even get in the actual 'ride queue'  so people would be pushing in and confused as to what they were even in line for. Kids seemed bored with waiting around, so many smaller children running about seemingly by themselves and in huge crowds this was shocking and worrying, and the amount of oversized strollers wasn't good  running over toes, banging into people, it was like herding cattle getting out of the park at closing time. Nobody seemed in a good mood after their visit  just stressed. That isn't magic...The rides we wen't on were 'ok', but we expected character greetings. After visiting universal studios only days before, the contrast was so extreme. There, everyone was so so friendly and would take time out for pictures, but the characters here would run away from all of that. They seemed on a hugely tight schedule, I saw so many kids unable to have pictures. We managed to get one picture with Goofy, but the 'rushing' staff member accompanying had her finger over the lens so that was a waste... Could use their time more wisely if it is so short?! If you are choosing between Universal or Disney to visit  I cannot recommend Universal enough, but Disney just killed the magic. It seems to be about the money rather than truly caring about the guests having the best experience. Huge disappointment.Wayyyyyyyy too many people, strollers,  we couldnt even go back into the parking garage because  everywhere around the parking and that ridiculous u turn to get there was sooo backed up.  we ended up going  back to the hotel and hopping on the shuttleJust spent 4 days here. basically you are spending thousands of dollars to wait in a line to park to wait in another line to get on a tram to wait in a line to get in the park to wait in line all day for anything. all this fun is split up with lots of very overpriced merchandise and mediocre food. There are a few good things, like watching your kids faces when they get to meet a favorite character or when you actually make it on a ride. then when its all done you get to wait in all those same lines again to leave. and dont forget there will be 100 thousand people pushing and shoving the whole time. Do it once if your not a local. way better ways to spend a couple grand in my opinionMy husband and I brought our 3 year old son to Disneyland for a family vacation. We would do anything for him, and at the end of the day(s) I think he enjoyed himself and that is really what matters.That said, what a nightmare this experience turned out to be. Happiest place on Earth? More like Hell on Earth. I   m not sure where to begin. The night before we planned to go, we tried to purchase tickets on the app, but received error messages. We ended up calling some customer service number, and purchasing over the phone. We were told to pick up the tickets at will call. When we got to the park we somehow ended up in the line to actually enter the park, even though we were directed to that line as the    pick up ticket    line. When we realized this, my husband jumped out of line to go find the actual ticket booth. At this point, we   d already been waiting in line for quite a while. I tried to find some shade for my son and I to wait in. I guess we were in the way, and an employee actually asked if she needed to call security. When we finally got tickets, we went to the back of the entrance line. Again. Ok. Whatever. Possibly our mistake for being clueless newbies, even though we were directed to that line.Once we were about to enter, the man who took our tickets also needed to take our picture?? I was not aware pictures were taken, or for what purpose. So I wasn   t really prepared. He practically barked at me to remove my sunglasses. He followed this up by yelling at me that I was in the wrong line for the turnstile the stroller would fit through. Wow. Glad I was wearing my first time to Disneyland pin!Speaking of strollers, these were perhaps some of the crappiest strollers I   ve ever seen with very limited room for storing any items. Small, uncomfortable, dirty. This is Disney, I mean it   s supposed to be family friendly. In my humble opinion, they can do better.Once we were in the park, it really wasn   t much better of a scene. It was crazy crowded. People were bumping into us and the stroller. And I was fearful of hitting people with our stroller. I think I finally understand    packed in like sardines   . The waits for the preschool rides were 30 45 minutes (followed by like 3 minutes of actual ride time), which doesn   t exactly scream kid friendly to me. Thank goodness I was prepared with distractions and ice water. (Ironically, we ran into a    cast member    later, who told us it was a slow day and to imagine ten times more people and waits of 4 8 hours. Ummmmmm where is the magic in that experience?!) Speaking of    cast members   , I could not believe how unhappy so many of the employees looked. If we spoke to a dozen employees over our two day visit, I can think of two that were    bubbly   . The rest apeared tired, grumpy, and uneager to assist. I actually felt guilty for asking the few newbie questions I asked. In addition to this, I heard    cast members    grumbling about    not being scheduled for break   . We encountered more employees (you could tell from the name badges), that we didn   t interact with, and so many just looked ridiculously unhappy. By this point, I couldn   t wait to meet the characters who I was certain would bring the magic. And this brings me to perhaps the most disappointing part of the whole experience. For months we told our son about how he would get to meet the characters. We really played it up. I mean he   s three, so meeting the characters was bound to be the highlight of the trip for him. Over two days, we saw Belle from afar, the evil queen from Snow White from afar and Pluto. Pluto shook my little guy   s hand but was gone before we could get a picture or an autograph. Thank goodness I had booked a character breakfast (for which we were seated 35 minutes after our reserved time) where we    met    Mickey, Minnie, Daisy and Stitch. If I had not, we would have only    met    Pluto. Whoop dee do. My little guy was so disappointed and kept asking where the characters were. At one point I mentioned something to the guy trying to sell us a vacation club membership, and he said there should be two characters    right over there   , but when he went to point, he was like    oh, they   re not there now   . Helpful. He ended up giving us a sticker. A for effort?I knew that our trip would be expensive, and that there would be crowds, and lines. But I honestly expected so much more for the ridiculous amount of money spent, and to be honest, from the name Disney. I guess we simply missed the magic that calls some people back for multiple visits. Before investing your money, and time, in a trip to Disneyland, do your research. I didn   t write this review only to rant. I   m not sure reading a review like this one would have deterred me from a visit, because I visited for the Kiddo, not myself. But after day two, I left feeling only like I   d completed a parenting rite of passage, like I checked something off of a lifelong to do list. I felt no magic, no wonder, no awe. Perhaps just some sadness mixed with disappointment.My husband had a small soft bouncy ball my son had and was playing with prior to our departure from our resort before we boarded the shuttle to pass time. We took this into the park 3 times before the last time security took it out of my husbands backpack and said we had to    surrender it or take it to the car.    Because we took the shuttle, the car wasn   t an option. The security officer then went on to say that if we were caught in the park with a ball, we could be escorted out of the park. My son was so upset over this. He had just gotten that ball when we arrived in California. Keep in mind Disney sells balls very similar to the one my son brought in, it just didn   t have a mickey face on it. I was told that the reason they allow sales and possession of these same types of balls in the park was because    they   ve been checked over.    My son had not once taken that ball out of my husbands bag. He just had it to play with prior to us arriving to Disneyland. The chamber of commerce cast member did absolutely nothing with my complaint. The only person who truly cared was a cast member named Nina who was working in the guardians area on the night we were there. Thank god she was working, because she gave us a voucher for my son to use to replace the ball that was taken from him. She was kind and sweet and let me vent my frustrations about our experience with Disney. She was wonderful. She was the positive light in our day. When we were leaving the park we were told by the security officers that the    bin    (this is where they put all of the items they confiscate from their guests) is essentially off limits and will not be available for guests nor will they hold the item they take to be picked up at the end of the day. When I asked where they take all of the toys they take from these kids, I was told the trash compactor. Can you believe this??? A billion dollar company not even willing to donate the items they   ve wrongly taken. What is a small bouncy ball going to do Disney? I can see if it was out and being played with or causing disruption. But to take it because it   s considered sporting equipment (they have listed on their prohibited items online things like    helmets, baseball bats, hockey sticks) no where does it say bouncy balls. Come on Disney. Unbelievable. You won   t have to worry about escorting my family out of your park. We won   t be back. Also, half of their rides at California adventure park are being repaired or maintenanced so just be aware of that when you go as well. If a ride breaks down and guests had a fast pass to that ride, they   ll allow them to choose another ride (which is nice but not necessarily fair to the other guests who had a FASTPASS to the line with a ride working) so we waited 35 minutes to get on our fast pass ride. This situation went far beyond the $5 ball. We got my son another one. It   s the principle. We were treated as though we brought in a weapon.. and then told this    weapon    we brought was going in the    bin    and then to the trash with all of the other innocent not harmful items taken from kids. I appreciate security and what they do to keep everyone safe. I truly do. I respect their efforts, however, this was asinine and uncalled for. This was the item security found to be a threat and dangerous enough to get you escorted out of their park. Be on the lookout for these balls when you go and by all means DO NOT bring them to the park unless you want a heartbroken child and it put in the    bin   . They are hazardous and prohibited. Terrifying little thing isn   t it? Lines are way too long for the quality of ride experience you get. Daily price on a ticket is the same cost as a season pass at a theme park in my state....I   m sure kids think it   s great but probably not for a parents bank account. They really need to figure out the overcrowded feeling you get the entire time. Great pineapple ice cream though. We booked knowing it was spring break and lines would be long but looked forward to visiting the original Disneyland. We were blown away at how the Disney has been taken out of this park. It   s pretty close to just your average rundown old amusement park. Bus loads and I mean bus loads of unsupervised and disrespectful teenagers run rampant through the park. We spent several hours between groups in lines for the attractions and watched them ignore every sign to    stay off    etc. These signs acted like a dare to them. So here is the other problem. Fast passes and lines. Once you scan your fast pass the line often parallels the regular line. More than once we saw groups jumping a measly road to skip the regular line. Disney needs to put a second check station in to prevent the line jumpers. Only Space Mountain has this second check and you should have see the kids and even adults getting kicked out of the line. Lines for food, lines for bathrooms, lines for rides, lines for the security check (worse than and longer than the airport). Disney staff so rude that I wonder how they got a job (ok I   d be a little mad after dealing with the teenagers I just described) but tried to give them a bad day break. Glad to say we saw the original again but will go to World for the Disney experience. PS: Fastpass everything you can including all the night shows in all the parks. Sometimes it   s still not the best view but better than no view. If you are planning on visiting Disney Land, never ever go during spring break in March, the average waiting time for the rides ranged from 45min to 2 hours all day every day & night. Also several rides were closed due to scheduled maintenance which are mostly done in March as well, but they don   t tell you about it and you still have to pay full price per ticket.Not up to par as far as Disney standards go. Cast members were rude and the Park was overall dirty. The lines were very long(even the fast pass lines). I was with 8 people 5 with disabilities and Disney was not very accommodating at all. It was a lot of money for nothing exciting. Disney World does it right. Spend your time and money there. Disneyland was a joke. When I asked for my money back I was refused. One cast member even referred to disabled people as    those kind of people.    I cant express enough how disappointed everyone was. Will never go back and sorry we went in there in the first place.We booked the 5 day multi park pass and in the past you could scan your ticket for a fast pass at each park. This is not the case anymore. Once you scan your pass for a fast pass your locked out for a max of two hours or the time stamp on your FP whichever comes first. I suggest opting for a one park each day pass and save the extra fee of the multi park pass.Kids loved the rides.....adults included....... wonderful place.......just too many people in a small area.....fighting crowds all day...... rides were breaking down...... long waits,even with fast pass .didn   t see Mickey too often. If yu did see him, huge lines to get a pix.no parades, no fireworks....not a lot of magical moments... we live in the West...... think it would be worth it to spend extra money n go to Disneyworld .My other half is a bit of a Disney enthusiast to say the least so she loves it, but I have also enjoyed visiting Disney in Anaheim in the past, as well as Paris and WDW. This time we visited for 2 days and I something about the experience made me snap   I just couldn't help getting really angry at how much Disney are taking us all for a ride and how the general population seem either oblivious to it or happy to be treated with such contempt. I know it's silly but the thing that got me really thinking about it all was whilst using the rest room. Now I don't know about you but I have NEVER seen 1 ply toilet roll used anywhere I've ever been. Even the most awful cheap 1* motels I've had the misfortune of staying in don't use it. And yet Disney, somewhere that charges an incredible amount of money to enter, has the cheek to do this. What does it save their shareholders? A few pennies per roll probably. And whilst I was able to deal with the situation by quadruple rolling it up before using, what's a child who's probably never encountered see through toilet roll before going to do? Without getting too graphic, probably make a mess of their hand!After I'd noticed this, I just couldn't help but notice how much Disney has become a perfect example of corporate greed. At the same time I was shocked to see how the general population seemed to just accept situations and conditions that would be considered unacceptable pretty much anywhere else. It's almost as if people have paid so much money to get in that they are so determined to have a good time and so ignore what's going on. Obviously overcrowding is a major problem, but I would also say that the price of things in the park is the biggest insults to paying guests. For example $1.99   tax for A banana. Really? $2.99   tax for A pickle. I don't know how much these things normally cost in the US but a banana would be less than 20p ($0.30) and a pickle probably a little bit less. And $4 for a bottle of water when we all know you can buy one in a supermarket for $0.50 (or half that in Costco or the like!). Why do people put up with it?  Well it's Disney, you expect to pay more.  would be the response from die hard fans. I say a reasonable mark up is fair enough, but the prices for my examples are an insult to guests who have already paid over the odds to get in! Yet there they are   queues of people waiting to hand over their hard earned cash, knowing full well they're being ripped off and almost being grateful for it. My favourite was the queue for Dole Whip in Fantasy Land   no exaggeration there's around a 20 minute queue for people to purchase some whippy icecream and pineapple for $6   tax. Absolutely insane!Me and my partner had the lovely experience of queuing over half an hour for two portions of chicken nuggets and chips in Fantasyland (those plus two drinks in excess of $30) and then having to sit on the floor and eat them as all the seats had been taken.Then there's the queues for the rides. We visited as off season as you can get and yet there were queues of over an hour for childrens story book rides, queues of over two hours for bigger attractions and even a 45 minute queue to GET IN the park. Would anyone pay hundreds of dollars to visit literally anywhere else in America and accept that 45 minutes of your day was spent queuing to get in? I highly doubt it.I could go on, but I think my points above summarise my feelings well. Disney has become a greedy, uncaring Company and whilst at the moment the fans are putting up with it, one by one they will notice what's going on and (I hope) not come back to their parks or their hotels. The addition of Star Wars land next year could be the start of this as this will push the parks to capacity or beyond for several months and this is going to make paying guests miserable. I hope so anyway. I hope that Disneyland starts to see declining guests and a good kicking financially so that it can start going back to what it used to be. I will not be returning, despite my other half's protests! To everyone giving it 5 stars and saying it's magical, get real. I bet you could have a more magical time taking those 100's of $ and spending them elsewhere... they'd go a lot further!Our family of five decided to purchase the Max Pass for the first time. Once inside the park, our app kept telling us that two of our party were not in the park. This in spite of the fact we had our tickets scanned at the gate and were issued a paper ticket in addition to our digital ticket. We could not get Fast Passes for those two people and had to delete them from our group to be able to get passes for the others. I asked one Disney employee who told me to just delete the two names and re add them and that would fix the problem. It didn't. I was directed to a Kiosk where another Disney employee spent ten minutes trying to fix the problem then told me I would have to go back to the front gate and have my ticket rescanned. She said this problem happens frequently. (good to know but not helpful) So I walked clear back to the front gate, where a grouchy Disney employee rescanned my ticket but the problem remained. She called for another employee to come and help....ten minutes later that employee called for yet another  techie  who was finally able to fix the problem. When I complained that I had now spent 40 minutes on this issue, keeping me from enjoying the park with my family, he told me to go to the City Hall and they could  do something for me ....that wait was 30 minutes so I just proceeded on to join my family. So not worth the $50 extra for the Max Pass. Only like 5 Fast Passes even available.Having been to the Disney properties in Orlando, Paris and Tokyo, it was kind of fun to visit the original. They have updated their attractions to include Star Wars and Finding Nemo themed rides. Still the place is showing its 60 years age. It is not nearly as spotlessly clean as other venues as I recall. And there are construction barriers all over the park, especially Main Street. The railroad train that circles the park stalled for hours.Went with wife and two youngish boys.Firstly very expensive for what we got, basically $400.Charging for car park is a joke, how they do that is beyond me. Lots of renovation going on... numerous rides shut. Still lots of lines despite midweek visit in Feb.Fast pass lines drive you nuts as you wait for 40 mins for a 2 minute ride. Renovation down Main Street meant no fireworks, no parade and apart from Mickey at a distance of 300 feet in a light parade did not see a Disney character all day! Not the magical experience it could or should be!!! I totally understand that the place needs constant updating and maintenance but why overfill park and charge full price even when limited attractions....money and greed of course. Kids were kind of okay about the day but not that special and Disney you let us down I am afraid! We have been to Disneyland in Anaheim several times and this was the first time encountering so many ride malfunctions. The Cars ride was down for several hours due to maintenance and other rides were cancelled after waiting in line. There is a lot of construction going on and the roller coaster at California Adventure is closed for construction along with the Ferris wheel. Upon entering Disneyland we were disappointed that we couldn   t see the beautiful downtown area and see down the street toward the Castle due to temporary walls put in place for construction. Many rides we never got to enjoy because of the ongoing ride failures. We had a 3 day hopper pass and only used 2 days.After years of wanting to go to a Disney park it was such a disappointment. We didn't even spend the whole day there as it was pretty boring. Rides weren't that great, we saw one character in the park the whole time, the park was mainly just souvenir shops and restaurants at overcharged prices. No fireworks. No parades. Nothing that I imagined at all. The entertainment at the saloon was boring and slapstick and I am a professional performer. Waste of over 200 dollars. Truly disappointed in Disney, it just felt like a money making machine. The runaway train ride which I begrudgingly lined for hours as I knew it was a worse version of a great one we have at Alton towers at about 30 quid for the day! Don't even get me started on Space Mountain!There is a lot of construction going on and Main Street was partially closed. Even going in the off season during the week it still seemed really crowded with the center ofMain Street barricaded down the entire length of it. And with it being barricaded there is no Main Street parade. If you are going to go I would recommend going after all the construction is finished. As usual Disneyland is very expensive. I am so bummed that our Disneyland trip was sub par. Many parts of the park are closed, including the main st...this is located at the main entrance point of the park and one of the most iconic sections. Large walls lined both sides of the road, forcing patrons to choose which side of main st to walk on. It also caused congestion and took away from the charm of the park. Not to mention the walls were so tall and took up main st from start to finish, you couldn   t even see the Walt Disney statue or castle. Splash Mountain was also closed as they were doing work it. Additionally, parts of Small World and Fantasyland were closed. To be honest you could tell the whole park is going under a revamp. This is something Disney did not explain before going. A part of me feels like we were gipped out of the true experience. I wouldn   t pay to go here until all of the work is complete. I   m sure it will look great in the future but it was very much a let down as I know what the park could offer if all it   s sections were opened. And Disney, if you read this, don   t cheat your customers, let them know about these things ahead of time. Love you Disney, but barricades all the way down Main Street made foot traffic a nightmare. The Indiana Jones Adventure broke down as we stood at the turnstiles to board the ride on the morning. It broke down again when we were getting ready to head back for our Fast Pass reservation near the end of the evening. Most of Paradise Pier was under construction and it   s impossible to get a reservation at a restaurant in either park. When you do, they cancel it without notice (see my review on Wine Country Trattoria). In all, for the $150 price of admission completely not worth the headache. Also, you should have left Tower of Terror alone. I love Guardians of the Galaxy and the video component is gray but ToT was very special. Guardians is just ok. ToT was only thing worthwhile about California Adventure.I kept asking family members if there were things to do at Disney that didn   t revolve around rides. Not really. Most of the rides suck. We were there on a slower day mid week in Feb. The wait times weren   t too long. 20 30 minutes. Even still, we waiting that long to get on to a ride that is really just a parade for a movie that was released years ago. The Park was under construction. I don   t really care about that part. The park was clean and the staff was friendly. The food was not memorable. When it comes time to eat, either bring your lunch from home or go to Downtown Disney. It is a nice perk that they allow you to bring in your own food. We also like they they would give you free water cups with ice upon request. I would be just fine if I didn   t come back to Disneyland. There isn   t anything here that is worth what you pay for. We thought for $100 each entry we would get to ride all attractions...a couple of rides were closed and a couple broke down during the day...the main strip has maintenance work going on which means no paradesWe hardly saw any characters The lines for rides were huge...too many people and too many strollers and this is quiet season!Food and merchandise is way over priced..almost $5 for a coke that would buy outside for a dollar..i felt ripped off more so than being in the happiest place on earthDisneyland has always been overpriced but it's fun, I suppose. If we didn't have kids I probably would never go back because it's such a huge waste of money. The kids who work the rides are friendly for the most part and the food is mediocre. It was insanely crowded the last week of January. I can only guess that was because of the unseasonably hot weather. All in all, overcrowded no matter what time of year, overpriced for what you get, and the food is overpriced and underwhelming. Husband & I had very fond memories of previous visits to Disneyland which we had hoped to share with our 3 teenage chn however the excessive number of people let into the park meant HUGE queues for everything (I   m talking 2 3 hour waits for a single ride). Food & drink queues also long. Consequently the whole day became ride centric and we obtained little    magic    that such an experience should afford. Additionally the    fast pass    app was down, however this had only succeeded in getting us one ride more quickly the previous day at Disney California anyway. All disappointed. The sparkle has gone out Disney for me. They seem much more interested in relieving you of as much money as possible than delivering a fabulous Family experience The only upside was the Mickey Show at the end of the day, however that cost over $200 for food to get a decent seat Tickets expensive, food & drinks expensive. Rides & entertainment dated. Poor value If the kids are older than 8 I wouldn   t bother. My husband and I went with my nephews to Disney at Anaheim. Were a bit disappointed with Disneyland. The rides are old and the park just isn   t as well kept as it used to be. Staff wasn   t overly friendly, no one really smiled, plus we tried to get close to the characters and    sorry Pluto has to take a break, or it   s Mickey   s coffee break   . it was 9:30 a.m. We got on the Nemo   s submarine   absolute fraud!! Unless you enjoy looking at a faded coral and wall covered with bubbles for over 15 minutes with a couple a Nemo animations here and there. Come on, at least you can do better than that!If you take the train ride, the dinosaurs are ok, but there is a lot of debris on the side, construction materials here and there   I mean it   s the Magical World of Disney!Queues are a nightmare and to top it off    after waiting over 40 minutes at the Pirates of Caribbean (this ride is improved) a lady from the staff lets a couple cut in without even asking us if it was ok. Come on, we paid and waited a long time!! I have no idea who they are, but if they are VIPs, then they should use their VIP time not ours. Here   s their photo.Will I recommend it or return...i don't think so!Waste of money for seniors. I paid approximately $250 Canadian for 2 days to just sit around watching the stroller. Seniors & people with disabilities should have a reduced rate because I didn   t do anything that was worth the cost.I expected the park to be busy but not to the extent that i experienced. Bottom line, they let too many people in. Would not go back.Spent 3 days at Disneyland this year. Jan 14 to 17 th. They offered 20% off ticket price as it was low season and some major attractions were down.(Splash mountain, Haunted mansion, California screamin, Grizzly run, Mickey Ferris wheel). This was fine to me as we knew this before we bought our tickets. Once at the park the lines were 60 to 90 minutes wait as well as space mountain breaking down. Soaring over the world breaking down as well as Radiators springs Racers breaking down.What did I pay for exactly??? Indiana Jones and Pirates of Caribbean? Well Indiana Jones ride the Boulder didn't work and the time before that we sat in the dark for about 2 minutes before ride started moving again. Disneyland has been my favorite place to go for very many years but no more. Walt Disney would roll over in his grave if he could see what has become of this park.On a positive note knotts Berry farm for one day was cheaper and you get your fair share of rides I without the ridiculous wait time. I have been going to Disneyland since I was a kid 50 years ago, so I've seen a few changes. I now live out of state but still visit the park 1 2 times a year, but this year, because of the crazy crowds, ride closures, costs corporate greed, I we've decided to move on. We figured the day after MLK would be ok,...um, no. 3 long lines before we even get into the park! Main Street and the front of the castle have ugly plywood, Mansion and Splah Mntn closed...no reduction in price, but increase in crowds. Perhaps a cap on local passes? The smaller size of Disneyland (compared to World) can't handle the crowds at all. its obvious that the Disney  corporates  haven't experienced  The Happiest Place  like the rest of us.Disney doesn't get to not make improvements and have things closed down. There are so many other theme parks that do it better these days. Why do they get to charge what they do and not have to upgrade or enhance the individual rides. These are the same exact rides so themed differently. It's a cart ride through a storybook or a boat ride through a storybook. Why is this acceptable for what they charge? Long lines in the rides that are open and then other major rides like Haunted Mansion and Splash Mountain are closed?? Sorry Disney, I will take Universal over this moving forward We had hoped we had picked a less busy time to visit the park, after Jan. 10. Surprise   by midday it was packed, by late afternoon didn't even feel safe to be there and keep track of 4 kids. Without the Fastpass Program, we would have spent thousands of dollars to be there and would have accomplished very little. Getting there early, which we did, is a must as you can hopefully get in one lineup for a desired ride without using your Fastpass. Visually the sites are amazing, but on Day 2, you want to maximize your ride potential, which is almost impossible given the throngs of people and the long lineups. The parts of the Park we enjoyed the most were the parts that were most empty in the morning. We'd also bought a 3 Day Park Hopper Pass, but discovered the only way to get from one to the other was to go through the main gates again, so suffering lineup fatigue we didn't do that. We did have high hopes for the one Early Morning Magic Pass Day, but discovered that most of the rides the kids wanted to go on were not operational that early and they were grumpy from being woken up early. Also no fireworks, not sure if that's standard for January or because of the California fires, but it was disappointing. Yes we did have fun, and the kids were amazed, but as a destination when you invest a lot of time and a lot of money it was disappointing.It   s no longer the happiest place in earth but has become the slowest place on earth. Arriving by car you get the pleasure of paying $20 for parking that between the wait getting in the parking structure and fighting the crowd to get in a team takes at least an hour. Most rides take near to an hour to wait or get a fast pass and come back in 2 hours or more. While waiting for the fast pass you can   t get another. If you manage to get on a ride it lasts about 5 minutes. Spend a day there and maybe get on 4 or 5 rides. Not worth the money or time unless you   ve never been there and even then not sure it is.We were here 5 years ago and found this trip very different. Last time there was definitely an atmosphere of a very happy place but this no longer exists. It   s too crowded and you have to wait too long for the rides (even in Winter). Too many strollers motorised rides that you constantly have to watch out for. A couple of the best rides were closed for renovation but overall the park looks old and needs a good revamp overall.Nice, that   s all I am able to say.I think this Land of Fantasy is in great Disney Magical hands   Dirty, Old, Lack of Sparkle, Long Lines, Over Crowded, Colorless and Flowerless.Also, where are the Disney Characters?? Only Minnie Mouse was found the entire day.My suggestion is: close the park for a while and renovate, restore, and make it what Disney stands for.P.S. The fountain outside the haunted mansion should not only have plain water in it, but it should have red colored water to make it more exciting and true to the haunted mansion style.The happiest place on earth? Really?They allow TOO MANY people into the park, so many that you can't even walk. 3 hour waits for rides seems like very poor management.The thing that really made this particular trip a BAD experience was the bathrooms. A person should not have to clean a toilet so that they can use it, especially after paying TONS of money for the privilege.I found the staff to be particularly brusque. Once again, I paid TONS of money to be there, staff should be polite and professional.If I ever return to Disneyland, it will be against my will.If your idea of vacation and happiness is spending more time standing in lines then anything else, then Disney is the place to be.Parking   very hard to figure out and no signs with explanations to where to go ,in addition not all payment both opened so you start with waiting in a car line for 10 min Bus   from parking lot takes you to park, waited in line 35 min to get on the busNo shade ! No water stands no trash bins!!! Bus Drops you off as far as possible from entrance for some strange reason People at line management very unfriendly and pushy Nothing to stimulate kids during wait ( could have a some mascot walk around would make wait easy and fun) Security line   28 min In Total 1 h   15 min from arrival to parking lot until entering the park Lines for the rides average 50 min waitingLines for food court   Averaged 25 min Lines for meeting Mikey   30 minLines for meeting Poh and tiger 30 min and every hour they have a five min brake for snacks Rides and atmosphere are amazing and very special   that makes the trip worth your effort for the kids Disney parade   a m a z i n g !!!! It   s only worth a trip for families with kids that want to endure waiting for the kids to have a good time Spent New Year   s eve and it was packed tighter than sardines in a can. Horrendous wait times, outrageous prices for everything. We had to wait up to 25 minutes for the men   s bathroom; women   s bathroom up to 45 minutes.The mouse robbed us. Got on about 3 rides with my family of five after spending hundreds on tickets for the day. They let too many people into the park without regard for whether or not people will be safe or be able to get on rides. That was my first and will be my last time at Disneyland parkme, my daughter and grandkids went to disney on a regular day and there was overcrowded so the handling of the people is done by the employees directing the traffic which are very rude nowadays and yelled at everybody as they push people to be just in one corner to see a show. First of all, disney has to look for a way to handle the crowds with respect and care as before. Second of all, is unsafe to be 500 people in just one little corner in case of an emergency Third, they have to stop giving preference to people who pay for fast passes is not fair for people who can hardly pay for one day ticket to be treated as third class citizen because they did not know that the fast pass tickets had to be bought in advance.Disneyland is always a great time however having a 1 year old in a stroller while it was crazy busy was not a fun experience. There was not much to do for someone that young and while they are sleeping in the stroller you can   t do anything either as I wasn   t allowed to take the stroller into any exhibits or the train. My parents had their first visit though and they loved it. A nice grassy area under a tree would have been great to sit and relax while the baby sleeps but all grassed areas were roped off. It would be great if there were more family friendly areas seeing as it is Disneyland and really meant for families and kids. I went with my sister and friend to celebrate our birthdays. First of all I have to say, that the park is very accommodating for people with disabilities. My friend was in a wheel chair and we had no problem getting around. The Cast Members were polite and helpful to direct us where we needed to enter for some of the rides. Other than that, I highly recommend that if you go make sure that you arrive early to get through the security check line. I also recommend leaving the park by 3:00 p.m. because that is when it gets extremely busy. It is almost impossible to even walk anywhere! The wait for rides can be up to 90 minutes and, if you get a fast pass, that wait can still be up to 30 40 minutes BUT if the ride has shut down due to technical difficulties, the fast pass can be almost as long at the regular wait time. For the most part, I enjoyed my visit but it is just too crowded and makes the experience not  the happiest place on earth .I'm comparing this to FL Disneyworld and there's simply no comparison. The park was dirty and the staff was not engaging at all. I didn't feel magical here (you will in FL though). The lines were long, signage was terrible, and not enough dining experiences. I did enjoy the Christmas lights and the company of my family, but the park was pretty terrible. I won't every return here.I love Disneyland with all my heart. But was so disappointed with the high priced tickets and THE CROWD. We spent way too much money to stand in line as long as we did for all 4 rides we were able to get on before they closed. There must be a fire law that states how many people can be crammed into one place. We were bumping into people left and right. We work so hard,saved money and was so disappointed to see $500.00 for two days gone like that. We couldn   t wait to leave. Such a disappointment! We got on a total 8 rides in two days. Wow! It   s been years since we   ve been there and we   re so excited only to be so disappointed. Disney is definitely making the bucks. I can   t say I   ll be back anytime soon!Disney parks have changed since we last visited a US park. The revised Fast Pass pre booking system, along with the sheer numbers allowed through the gates on a single day have made visiting this park an endurance rather than a pleasure, the Disney site still claims that they can reserve the right to refuse admission once maximum numbers have been reached, but I dread to think how crowded it would need to be for that to happen. The old fast pass system of issuing on the day a limited number of passes for each one hour slot worked well   this one does not. Far too many FP  tickets are issued, resulting in stand by queues being hours long   some of the popular rides were filling up with FP riders, only allowing a couple of stand by riders on. Seeing queue times posted of 3 hours, on rides which aren't new, was a shock. We didn't visit on a public holiday or in school holidays, so goodness knows how bad it is on peak days. We left before the fireworks (fortunately, you could see the majority of them from our hotel) because people began securing their places for them at 7pm   they were scheduled for 9.45pm, that is how busy it gets. Not a very pleasant experience, and we have been massive Disney fans for many years, that is now under review. Fabulous once in a life time trip!!! My 2 girls , their husbands, and my 3 grandchildren. Bought maxpasses for each of us as I wanted memorable photos. We were told that there were photographers throughout the park. We could not find one! So disappointed! Sent an email questioning why and was told to call Disney for a refund. Supervisor told us no.... not refundable. Heartbroken. Please think twice before buying!!!!It   s not summer vacation or Christmas time but Crowds and Lines are everywhere and the waiting time is over 30mins on average. However, we have to pay full price! The queues in fact reflect a shortage of the facilities and the guests of the park cannot get the service they deserve on time. What upset us the most is the little world is not opened. Yet the shops keep open n give us the impression that the park intends to take money out of the guests    pocket. This is the second time we   ve come but is definitely worse than the first time that was less queues and crowded. I think this place has expired its use by date. No longer value for money. Over crowded, no rest areas under shade by rides, $85 lunch family of 4 got a fried shrivelled burger and chips and one drink.No longer has fireworks every night or electric parade. Pay more see less. From NZ 4th and last time visitLike the previous reviewer, I also found Disney guest services absolutely having no compassion regarding any help for my son who has special needs. Unless you are in a wheelchair they are not interested, shame on them indeed.The Disney care in its guests for people with a disability has disappeared and is very limited and we won't be back.The park itself is very old with outdated rides and is stuck in the past and rams people in to the hilt making it very difficult to move around and impossible to get on a ride.Unfortunately it is stuck in a time warp and is well past its heyday and certainly not worth the big bucks you need to pay to get in here.I have been to Disney Parks (Orlando, Paris, Anaheim) many times and this truly was the worst experience yet. We purchased Park Hopper Tickets. While in the park, one show was cancelled five minutes before it was supposed to start (we waited in line for 30 minutes), rides were closed due to technical difficulties. The food was partially disappointing. And Disney advertised Halloween themed decorations. There wasn't much of that. I was very disappointed, since I love Halloween and expected Disney to go all out. The Europapark in Rust, Germany does a way better job and Halloween doesn't have a real tradition in Germany.We wrote a letter of complaint to Disney's customer service, but never heard back. In 2015 our experience was better for the 75th anniversary, but I don't think we will be back to the park anytime soon. Went there today in near 40 degree heat. The place was completely packed, and in certain areas, like New Orleans, it was almost impossible to move for people and prams. My initial euphoria at being there quickly wore off with average queue times an hour or more and almost no shade. It was like torture. Fast pass means the main queues move much more slowly. In the end I managed two rides. A third broke as I neared the front of the queue. It really didn't feel special or magical at all, and I have to say when I read other recent reviews I wonder if we were at the same place and how many are paid for. I don't consider a hundred dollars and hours of queuing to be value for money or special. I couldn't be bothered to queue for food so can't comment on that as I gave up after less than four hours. I will say Disney need to limit the number of people in the park and put up canopies on queue lines for their rides. I'm surprised no one has been seriously hurt by heat stroke or worse. I've seen it, so it's something off my wish list, but I couldn't help but feeling I was being royally shafted by Disney, who could do way more to make it a better place. And they ain't exactly short of cash and looking for change down the back of the sofa are they.Over Priced Over Crowed,Under whelming Under performing !!Way $$Expensive with Crappy overpriced gifts,little of 'Free' performances  All rides take at least an hour to get on and 'Future Land' mose well be called 'Star Wars 1977' !!Absolutely a waste of time and PLENTY of places to spend a $700   Dollars else where ...UGH !!!!I've most likely been to a Disney park for the last time. It was clean, attractions are attractions, waiting in 50 to 90 minute lines the normal. What I did notice was that the personnel, especially running the attractions were about 50% of them were not watching the patrons, were not assisting the patrons, just talking with co workers or daydreaming. It was disappointing from a safety perspective. I'm sure there are many first timers wondering if they are doing the right thing at the right time. Something has changed, and from my perspective not for the better.We tried to bring a collapsable foot stool for my 90 yr old mother in through security, only to be stopped at security and have it taken away. We would have put it in a locker if they were available, but they are inside the park.on our way out we saw it was still there and my husband asked to have our property returned to us. After talking to three people they said NO! The reason, because the person was not on duty when we came in so they can't give it to us. How ridiculous. I feel they stole it, and need to return it. We are season pass holders and will not renew them. So much for the happiest place on earth.Perhaps visiting on a halloween special day affected this but after visiting Disneyworld in Florida a few times I was excited to try the California park. I was disappointed. Everything was cramped, the way the queues were set up was bizarre, with Matterhorn in particular just sending us round in circles trying to find the end of the queue! A lot of the big rides weren't even working.The staff seemed bored and uninterested, whereas at Disneyworld they are very much actors in character and not staff   that difference was very obvious.We visited Califonria Adventure next door too which was much better   save your money and just visit there instead.As an elder couple (early 60s) we were really not sure what to expect however we did not expect the crowds nor the closed rides. A few of the best rides were closed, the Haunted Mansion, Space Mountain, Pirates of the Caribbean (until around 7 pm), Splash Mountain from around 5 pm. We waited for 2 hours to go to splash mountain only to be told it was closed for  technical reasons . To pay $100 US each for the day we feel like it was a rip off. The next day we went to Disney California which was marginally better. Apparently we were not there during the busy season, but refuse to wait 1 hour 15 minutes on a queue. At least at Disney California they provide shade mostly while waiting. I wish I had time to write a detailed review here but I wanted to get this online.35 degrees C all week and very little shade anywhere at the park! I'm 47 and in good shape, I can't imagine how others deal with this and why Disney cares so little about their patrons that they don't worry about providing shade. Unless you happen to be standing, waiting for a ride that is inside one of the buildings Disney doesn't worry about putting up covers anywhere and certainly doesn't provide misters or cool zones like they do at Universal. WHY??? I'm glad they provide lots of drinking fountains but if you are not a fan of standing or walking around in the sun without relief you better be prepared as Disneyland is a difficult place to get out of the sun, especially at Toon Town and Fantasy Land.Hope this heads up helps some unsuspecting person be better prepared for what to expect in the summer.My partner and I visited Disneyland Park as we figured it would be a great day out in LA regardless of age! The park is dated and definitely geared towards children. Lots of shows and children's rides but not much for adults. Thunder Mountain, Space Mountain and Haunted Mansion were all closed for repairs, and I'd known this before I wouldn't have gone in. Indian Jones and Splash Mountain had 60  minute wait times. All in all my partner and I spent just over 1 hour there; it felt like a total waste of almost $100 per person and we will never go again. I do have an annual pass, but Disneyland is not the Disneyland of my youth, not even of my own kids youth. It is way too commercialized and I witnessed a case of racial profiling while I was in one of the stores. No apologies from ANY Disney  cast member  for their error in judgement AND then they were told they were  trespassing . Not sure, but if you accept my money to  trespass  on your property, that is more like an  invite  with a welcome because...you took my moneyEverything makes us happy in the happiest place on earth except for water. 3 dollars and 75 cents for a 20 Oz or 500 ml bottle of water. There are very few drinking water fountains and each of them far away from one another. The fountains are also not hygenic as people put their open mouth on top of the outlet and we can't also use refillable bottles in a fountain. Only thing that's available every 20 feet is the bottled water. Consider the hot summer days(or any day in South California is warm) and we had to buy 10 of these for 2 adults in a day's visit to the park. Disneyland can bring in the water vending machines that distill tap water on the spot plus chilling it and also comes with options to refill water by paying 25 cents per 500ml for example or even less. Cost effective, hygenic, healthy for family and kids and also environmentaly green since it encourages to use refillable bottles and avoids landfillMy two daughters waited to get jack sparrows autograph over by the blue bayou we asked the lady who was walking with him if he dose autographs she said yes if you ask nicely my 6 and 8 year old asked please 3 different times, he then told them if they didn't want to take a picture they needed to shoe them started a count down from 5 ..... my daughter ran to me crying saying how mean he was, I understand the need to play the roll of a a hole but to treat kids in that manner is just wrong. All the other characters were very nice and wonderful. I dream of coming to Disneyland since I was little. I never had a chance until now and it was way too pricey and way too crowded. I even got the fast past but it's still at least 1 hour wait for certain attractions. I think my dream died a little because it's not as magical for adults!! LOL I went to Disneyland with my daughter about a week ago. I'd been working hard, and been squeezing in places to visit on my days off, and Disneyland was a top priority. I've always loved this place, being an older adult, and having been since I was a child, my daughter was a child, we are both adults and we longed to experience the 'Happiest place on Earth' once more. I was never so disappointed.Extremely long lines, with no relief in sight except for that God awful 'Fastpass' feature. They really need to get rid of that and fast. You have to hold on to your admission ticket all day, insert it into this machine on the ride of your choice, only to have to return to it over an hour or two later to 'supposedly' get front of the line benefits. How is this 'fast' when you have to return over an hour later?You can only get one fast pass at a time, meaning no two times can overlap. So this leaves you walking around, rather aimlessly, buying things you really didn't want, just to kill some time. (Smart move Disney).It gets rather boring and tiresome walking around, waiting for a ride that's only 3 5 minutes long. We went to Toontown only to NOT see Mickey. He was apparently busy 'filming'. The line to see Minnie was wrapped around her house. Again, we found ourselves buying things we really didn't want just to fill space while waiting for our Fastpasses to kick in. So our time finally came to ride Space Mountain, yeah! We were in line, almost there when....it broke down! NOOOO!!!!!! They told us it would be an hour before anyone else could ride it...........I was soooo mad.We went to the classic ride, Pirates of the Carribbean. I was so stolked! We were in line, and (wait for it) it broke down! NOOOO!!! About 100 riders, trapped on boats. I wanted to ride it so bad my daughter and I decided to wait it out. A few people chose to leave. After about 30 minutes, yep 30, it was up and running again. We got on.All the water rides were about a two hour wait, so we passed those entirely. The Matterhorn was by far, the most bumpiest ride I've ever ridden. I don't remember it being that bumpy. The only highlight was the burger I had for lunch dinner. It was de lish! Very well done and flavorful. But overall, my experience at Disney was very lackluster. It's not what it used to be. It's become a very hip 'Tourist only' spot, that gauges into your pockets to spend wayyy more than you really should. I just didn't feel like a 'kid again' like I used to when I go. I felt like an adult, who went to an amusement park, spent a lot of money, rode half of the rides due to long wait times, and just had an average time. I bought a Mickey plush, to remember my last time going to Disneyland.If you really wanna have a good time, go to Universal Studios. Buy a 'Front of the line Pass'. You'll never wait, straight to the ride show you go! We saw every attraction in about 5 hours. And, the attractions are far newer, and better. Sorry Disney.We did spend all day there and my kids enjoyed it but the park feels outdated compared to universal studios. I know it is a family park but the riders are not reliable at all. The space mountain was closed for refurbishment and three other main rides were temporally closed (thunder Mountain, pirate of carbean and indianer Jones) For that price that is not acceptable. Food was ok and queue was not too long although we had a fast passFor a company as sophisticated as Walt Disney you would think they could get better service. It's really bad.I am sure that it has been said before but queues of two hours for the main rides is just not acceptable. Not for the amount of money that park entrance costs for a family of five.We stayed from 8am to 10pm and still failed to get on some of the big rides. They just have to have a maximum capacity for the park.All in all really cheesed off.Disney used to be a great place to go visit with kids. I don't know what has changed but we were recently there and it was terribly crowded the last few years. Disney World seems to be better organized but it still crazy to spend the money you do to only get to go to a handful or less of rides per visit. I was extremely disappointed in Disney Adventure Land. There were no fast passes available after a certain point. We arrived late to the park and only got to 2 rides. Wait times were 1 2 hours. Standing around with children for that long is not easy. If you venture here be prepared for the crowds.So I have never written one of these reviews before, joined trip advisor just so that I could leave this review. Let me also say that we are lucky enough to be a well travelled family that between us have been to theme parks all over the world at the height of Summer, (including Disney in Paris and Disney in Florida) so we have very realistic expectations of how busy these parks can be. However, nothing could have prepared us for the sheer volume of people in the first park, the original Disney Land. We knew we were coming to a smaller park and that the attractions might have seen better days, but that turned out to be fine. The staff were lovely and friendly as always, the place was clean and the rides were fine (except 'its a small world' which is a shocker and should be closed...dreadful racial stereotyping of THE WORST kind!!)We had a two day pass and spent the first day in the original park. The volume of people was obscene; you literally couldn't move. Even with the fast pass we were lined up for 45 50 minutes for some rides. We also didn't realise that the fast past system was used for some of the 'shows', so we did not see the water lights show at the original park as all the passes were gone very early in the morning and the staff were very clear that without one of the fast pass seats there would be no view. If you didn't start sitting for the parade over an hour before hand, no way you were getting a view. You were carried along by a sea of people and at times it felt really unsafe. I am sure Disney will say they manage the crowds well and that we were really safe, but it didn't feel that way. For the evening fireworks we were herded (and I mean that) into a so called viewing area   it was worse than the Jubilee line at rush hour, we were rammed in, standing room only, pressed up against others, kids crying, people getting grumpy...not the 'happiest place in the world' for sure!! (and this was a good hour before the fireworks were due to start). Then when the fireworks went off, they were all hidden behind a tree!! So top tip...if you want to watch the fireworks there, you need to be directly in front of the castle. Even a bit over to the left (as you look at the castle) and you can forget it.The issue clearly comes down to one thing...greed. There are simply too many people allowed into the park, it was awful. We went to the California park the next day and this was much closer to our previous experience of Disney, busy but manageable and all round way more enjoyable.So if you are planning to take your kids to Disney, my advice is save your money and go to Florida. If you must go the the one in Anaheim, just get a one day pass to the California park, we saw more of Minnie and Mickey there anyway!!Not a great experience!! Bad show Disney!!Us, a family of 5 from Texas visited on 7 20. This was my kid's (16, 14 and 12) first trip and wife and my return trip since the 80's 90's. We visited the main park (not CA adventure), and it was very crowded, with wait times of 60 mins to 90 minutes for each ride. We didn't purchase the fast pass, but from what I could see, the fast pass let you come back to the ride at a  scheduled  time to skip the long line. The  scheduled  time was an hour or so later and at least for one of the rides, the fast pass was not available for holders to use (Nemo's adventure). The day we went it was very hot and most lines were in the sun light   the fact that there were no mist cooling stations was strange (the other LA area amusement park has these). I didn't feel the rides were worth the wait times and none of us enjoyed the park. If you go to the park, skip the Nemo ride   it's faux fish and a Nemo short movie that will leave you wondering why you waited 60 minutes to see it.I will start by stating that I am not really Disney fan and this was my first visit at any of their theme parks in my life since my wife really wanted to take the kids. If going into it you know you will stand in line on average of 30 to 60 minutes that would be good to know   this also includes getting food or going to the washroom. The sheer volume of people they allow in the park is overwhelming and seems like nearly every experience you need to pay extra or wait in line for long periods of time. Some of the rides are fun   Star Wars and Space Mountain as an example   and getting in with fast pass helps but basically felt like a cattle being herded all day from one line to another and every where you turn someone is trying to up sale you on something. The amount of waste this park must produce to me is also appalling   only recycling stream is for coke product and everything else goes to landfills. It is very clear they are in the business of making money and are very good at it but personally. For a family of 4 with two kids ages 4 and 6 we spent over $1,000 which is more than any one day activity I have ever spent...first time at their theme park and hope to never have to go again.It was always magical and enchanting but waiting for longer than 2  hours for some rides with NO protection for the sun is not. There is no protection from the sun anywhere, no shaded places, no where to sit under an umbrella or similar. In fact, no were to sit and rest, period. Food and drinks (very little of it) is awfully expensive (and not good) and you are not permitted to bring your own. Disneyland is behind times; there are NO places to recharge your phone or devices anywhere even though the map shows a single location but when you get there you are not allowed to enter or charge. If you find an outlet somewhere to plug in by a miracle, staff barks at you and kicks you out! Totally behind times and NOT an  entertainment  park anymore. Just a money sucking, wasted time in line, no were to sit park! So different from before and so behind times and comfort for the public! We are truly disappointed! This will be our last visit !!My daughter and I and grandchildren age 14 and 10 visited Disneyland June 2017. It had been a few years since we have been there since we live in Reno, Nevada. The park is run down and hugely overpriced. We paid $52 for 4 hot dogs and 4 sodas in the park. Not many places to take a rest as the benches have all been removed. We were on Alice In Wonderland ride at 10:30 pm the ride broke we were stuck 1 2 hour and were walked out by attendants. The Haunted Mansion ride broke down while we were on it for 1 2 hour. The rides took over an hour each waiting in line and you can only fast pass once every so many hours. The Disney Characters are NO WHERE to be seen. .And when you do they are out only 20 minutes then whisked off and you are told not to bother them. The Electric Light Parade is the only time you catch a glimpse of Mickey Mouse or Cinderella or any of them. The park is run down compared to a few years ago. Many of the rides were broken or broke down while people were on them. We were so disappointed with Disneyland. The gift shops have almost NOTHING that says the actual words DISNEYLAND. A very few t shirts and key chains and that's it! The advertisements all depict the SUMMER OF HEROES what a crock of crap. Nothing there is the Summer of Heroes. The music as you enter the park is not the original Disney theme. It is some sort of Jazz or something and that was so disappointing. As you leave the park at night many homeless living on the streets surrounding the park and you must walk through them. Walt Disney in his own words said he Never wanted Disneyland to get so expensive that normal everyday working class couldn't afford it,, well he certainly would not like the horrible way his park is being taken care of today. Such a shame. It is not longer the Happiest Place on Earth we will never go back there. The plants and rides were really run down.. Very sad.Went to Disneyland with my family and a few friends and their families. Sad to say that we went on the wrong date! Fourth of July! I was extremely excited because it was my step daughter's first time. We did take advantage of the fast passes which was cool. The horrible experience came towards the end of the night. I wasn't aware you had to camp out at your spot for the parade 2 4 hours before. (how can you enjoy the park and get a good spot) We were down at around the castle area an hour before the parade and we kept getting told we had to move. We literally made our way from the castle to the entrance of the park. There again, we were told we all had to move....Seriously? If it's 4th of July and the park is overly at capacity how and where could we enjoy the parade and the special firework show? We ended up being told to keep it moving. We did. We found a spot by a spaceship ride. The whole gang got on the ride and I stayed behind. When they got off the ride shut down to get ready for the parade to start. There was a RUDE young lady named Raquel and others (she stuck out because of her ugly attitude) They were yelling for us all to move. There were TONS of people everywhere and we couldn't move. I asked her  Where can we stand because we've gotten moved 3 times  She replied and said,  IDK find somewhere, it's not my fault you didn't save a spot for 2 3 hours  I said,  Really? I paid a good amount of money like everyone else here and was not aware we had to do that  I asked for her name and she literally took her name tag off and said,  Here tell them my name  We exchanged back and forth and I walked away. FIRST and foremost, I had been trying to be patient this whole time with them moving us all around, however, is this Disney's NEW STANDARD of treating their guests????? I HAVE NEVER, EVER gone to a theme park and met a rude employee like that one. EVER! I visited Disney World plenty of time as well and NOT ONCE was anyone ever rude. She really dampened my mood and my family's mood as well. We were literally moved all the way towards the Space Mountain and we missed the firework show. I WILL NEVER VISIT THIS PLACE AGAIN! Disney World and California Adventure will be the only places we ever spend our money again!Pick another spot unless you have $500 bucks to spend on a family of four just to get in the door. Those of us who visited this park in the old days long for the great value it brought. These days Disneyland is run by a corporation that puts together a great product at an unreasonable price. But people continue to go in droves. I wish folks would stop going here so that the park would stop going up in price each year. There are other places to spend your money. I for one refuse to leave my hard earned paycheck there. They are just too greedyWe had cast members rude to us over simple questions more than 1 time per day. Rides were inefficiently managed with 4 or more seats in a row going unfilled on rides despite lines for rides. Cast members spending time hanging out with each other instead of paying attention to customers and their job. Very few employees had that Disney upbeat spirit we've grown to love at Disney World. Very disappointing experience. I like grumpy but not in staff members. Just seemed like it was hard to find a cast member that wanted to be there. Disney World in Florida is the exact opposite in customer service. It's the happiest place on earth at Disney World and a very average place at Disneyland.Some sort of accurate indication of wait time is needed. 45 to 60 minutes is too long for what turns out to be a 3 to 5 minute ride. It needs more stuff you can see from the outside and staff need a better attitudeI took me forty years to get back to Disney to come back to 3 of the majors rides being down.  Really?  After I pay all that money I had to leave so disappointed!!!!!  I drove 15 hour for this!!!!Having visited Disneyworld in Florida several times we thought we would try Disneyland whilst in California.We found the whole experience rather underwhelming ,rides closed ,rides breaking down whilst on them, and some long waits even for fast pass.The electric parade and late night fireworks were very good, but we think that the admission prices are far to high for this theme park.,Walt Disney world not be impressed ! This might be the original Disney but it falls way short of the Disneyworld Florida.As a Disney fanatic, I was thrilled to finally see the original. I was disappointed. The castle and park overall is small. The park sells too many tickets so all of the lines are long  60 minutes was typical. Waiting in the outside queue that long was miserable. There are not any photo pass photographers except one in front of the castle. It was not worth the one say fee.We found this place to be a real disappointment. It is Disney's oldest park and is clearly showing its age. Not that many rides, with big queues for them all. Lots of shops selling overpriced Disney merchandise. It seems a shame that they want to fleece you in the shops when the entry fee is so expensive. Having said that it is very popular with lots of locals, with many people clearly enjoying repeat visits and happy to pay for Disney clothes, mouse ears etc etc. It just wasn't our cup of tea. (We are British and probably don't have the same emotional attachment to Disney that some Americans do). We went on Friday 19 May and it was absolute crap! Crowds were over the top! We had to compete with grads and the locals that had only till the 25 May to use their discounted entry! Paid a huge amount of money to stand in lines. And with a 13, 10 (who is autistic) and 8 yr old this is NOT magical! We travelled all the way from Australia to fight crowds. Worst experience of our lives. I felt terrible complaining to them but I had to. When you spend the previous 8 mths hyping your kids (and husband) up to go and spending the amount of a small car to go here you expect more. We come from a small city in Qld and it felt like our whole population was there. We found out later that it was! We tried again on Tuesday 23 May and weds 24 May and these days were still as crowded. Even locals were saying it was like terror land. Our 8 year old said 'it is definitely not magical' will not be going back anytime soon.The park was beautiful and the employees were kind and extremely organized. However, the kids rides there are NOT for young kids. Extremely scary and I'm really shocked that they haven't gotten in trouble for allowing young children on rides that are seriously evil. Avoid all the rides that go inside the buildings. They are NOT suitable for young kids, or anyone for that matter. We went on a Thursday in May thinking it wouldn't be that busy. The park was so crowded that it was difficult to even walk around with our double stroller. A few days later we saw an article saying the park was at capacity and they weren't letting anyone else in. I have been going to Disneyland for 54 years. Sometimes multiple trips per year. The last few trips have been terrible due solely to the change in number of park admissions allowed by Di$ney. They are now filling the park 25 35,000 beyond comfortable capacity in search of even more revenue. Wait times for peak attractions were 3  yes THREE  hours this past weekend. Maybe even worse during the holiday season especially between Christmas and New Year's. I have asked in years gone by and they stopped letting people in at about 50 55,000 guests. That number has been upped to 80 85,000 in Disneyland with another 30 35,000 at Disney's California Adventure who can park hop adding even more to the overcrowding. There were no smiling adults or small children. The teens were oblivious and on their phones all the time. You could barely walk in some areas. Wait time for Splash Mountain  WITH A FAST PASS  was 25 minutes. There were waiting lines for the bathrooms!!! Greed has supplanted customer experience at Disney. There is no longer any regard for whether you have fun or not. And the costs are above premium to boot. If you must go plan a trip in April or October mid week. Then you can at least have room to move and breathe. Horrible experience now four times in a row. That's the price you pay with school age kids, but made worse by intentional overcrowding by Disney. I love Disney. I know that other people love Disney. I have visited Disney in Paris and Florida, I know what to expect. Californian Disney is RIDICULOUS. Over $500 for 2 adults for ONE DAY, out of season, not in Easter or a holiday or anything. We queued for ages to get on anything, we couldn't even walk around easily there were that many people there, many attractions had queues of well over 2 hours   I can't even imagine taking kids there. I feel that it was over what is a reasonable  capacity  in terms of having a good experience there, as we only got on a few rides, despite spending all day there and arriving before 8am.I wouldn't go back OR recommend.To start with, the park was too crowded, mostly with chinese and spanish speakingvisitors. At some places, you could not even walk due to the immense number ofpeople. Many of the rides are also too basic and childish. I know this park ismeant to attract children, but come on, so childish !! I have visited it twice inthe past 17 years, and this visit was probably the last. They even rip you offfor food and beverages. The prices are 3 4 times of what you would get them outside. I think Disney as a group has become too greedy. The 2 parades are mediocre as compared to earlier.Disneyland is definitely a slave to Wall Street these days. We have been several times over the last few years and it seems to be getting worse every time. The service is getting worse (many dirty bathrooms, empty towel dispensers) and the wait times are getting longer. They are packing more people in to rake in those dollars, but not investing where they need to in order to keep the traditional Disney experience untarnished. More training is needed to help with crowd control and admission (I spent an hour between security and the line to get in to the park on a Monday in early May). The park tries to offset the long lines at attractions by overcrowding the rides, which just makes for a bad ride experience. On the Pirates of the Caribbean, we were stacked up bumper to bumper 5 boats deep, with boats continually crashing into each other   and this was the second week of May (not a busy time historically). The same thing was happening on all of the boat based rides. It was insane. On other rides, it was the same story, they would run additional cars that would stack up at the end of the ride while waiting to disembark. Disney was also trying out a new Star Wars churro in Tommorow Land while we were there   red and blue light saber churros. They were wildly popular immediately. And Disney actually had their employees manually tracking which color churro a customer ordered on a paper check sheet (great use of technology Disney!). This would have been fine, but the additional time it was taking for the 1 employee (yes, these were only at 1 Churro Cart with a single employee) to do this was causing additional delays to the already crazy long lines of 30 people at almost all times (not an exaggeration). Don't waste your time in this line, they taste the exact same as a normal churro (only with added coloring). Disney needs to do something to limit the amount of admissions per day (dated tickets or something of the like), learn better crowd control techniques and appropriately staff the park with well trained staff or look at a major expansion.On the plus side, they have recently added Fast Pass to the Matterhorn and the Toy Story Midway Mania, which is helping with being able to get on more rides. That said, it is still worth going   just don't expect  Disney Magic.  Expect your everyday run of the mill theme park plus Mickey Mouse. This is not Walt's Disney anymore, it is Wall Street's Disney.We enjoyed our visit to Disneyland but won't come again. MAJOR crowds at all times of the day night and super long waits for rides. We spoke with a few employees who basically said that there's no longer any real  off season  and it's like this most of the time. Most of the characters were great, really interactive and we had fun. The exception was Darth Vader, he was a real jerk, basically refusing to allow us to have our pictures taken separately. It happened that he was the first character that we saw so it almost made us not bother with the rest. I'm glad we did though, because the rest were really great, especially Tigger, Eeyore and Pooh!By 9 pm there are a firework in the very heart of the park and its virtually imposible to get from one section to another to ride other attractions or buy some last minute snacks. So at this time the park is practically closed, the only free way is to the exit, they forced us to exit the park early by yelling at us   please keep walking  they don't listen to you.Of course, Disneyland and California Adventure are wonderful. So much fun, so well done, everyone of all ages loves it. But a word of caution...the bathrooms are filthy. I've never seen such deplorable bathrooms in all my travels. Disney used to be such a pristine place, not I hated having to use any of the bathrooms and dreaded each time my young granddaughter had to go. The bathroom was so busy that there should be a full time cleaning person in each facility. And that leads me to my next observation...there are so many locals that come on the So. Cal. annual pass that it is horrible to us vacationers. We are paying top dollar to come for 3 days on a park hopper, not to mention hotels, etc. It just gets too crowded to enjoy with all the local people that pour into the gates. They need to have some limits on the local crowds or raise the price of the annual pass. I know the bottom line is king, but for those paying full price, the experience is ruined.On Wednesday, April 26th my brother and our spouses went to Disneyland together. We waited about an hour to get through security and once we arrived to the cast members screening bags my husband opened up my bag he was carrying which had our GoPro with a handheld attachment (which also could extend). The cast member gave us two options: 1) go back to our hotel or car or 2) give it to him and he would discard it for us and can not be claimed after our visit. After begging and pleading and offering to take it a part, he insisted he had to keep the extension of the GoPro (valued at $69.99). Given our circumstance we said we would discard it and he disassembled our device. At 4:00pm when the Mid Day Main Street Parade began we noticed another couple with a GoPro in the park with a fully extended handheld device (the same one we had). I was shocked and completely disappointed. We went through the same security and the same screening process, but somehow I had to throw away my GoPro item and they had theirs fully extended and using it!To make matters even more disappointing, I brought up the Disney website FAQ's that read:  Folding Tripods or monopod stands that can fit in a backpack are permitted.  As I showed this verbiage to the security, he said insisted no was the answer.I am complaining because the GoPro rule was not and is not enforced for every guest who enters the park. I am disappointed in having to throw away a $70 product even after I offered to disassemble it. I hope to hear from someone about how we can resolve this!We were at Disneyland for 11 hours and only got to ride 5 rides. The lines were to long and the fast passes sucked. We got a fast pass for Indiana Jones but we couldn't ride it for 4 hours after we received the pass. We were not able to get another fast pass until the Indiana Jones was used. This made us having to stand in all the long lines for 4 hours. Very big disappointment when you have a 4 year old and have to stand in line for 40 minutes and sometimes hours just to ride a short little ride. I don't think I will be going back to Disneyland unless I'm rich enough to stay in the Disneyland Hotel and get to do the early entrance into the park and with the prices of the Disneyland Hotel, it will be years or never before I can afford that. It took me a year to save up for this vacation only to be disappointed. If you want to spend a ridiculous amount of money to be around an enormous crowd you better off going to the Orlando Park.  I would not recommend this park unless your on the west making the travel cheaper.  We will not be back.Far too many people, rude service, uncomfortable, parades always impeded on foot traffic, not fun and I dont advise bringing familyOk it's magic but the wait times are absurd. Even with fast pass which is a pain, can only do one every few hours and still need to wait you can only do 4 5 rides in 12 hours when it's busy. Also a number of large popular rides were closed which made waits worse.Hope people will realise the brand is not enough anymoreFront of line like universal would help. Exhausting day and long wait for a few minutes of fun. Food mediocre and long waits so go out to downtown Disney for food as it's better and shorter waits can get monorail although that can also have a 30 minute wait.Traveled across the country to see Disneyland but unfortunately, it wasn't ready. Several major attractions were closed for maintenance while several others shut down periodically for whatever reason. We didn't get to go on the Matterhorn, Pirates of the Caribbean, the Riverboat, Captain Hook's ship, and others I can't think of at the moment. The Indiana Jones ride broke down several times during our visit and we were turned away on those occasions. It took us four days to even get to see Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln as it was often closed for some reason.The crowds were unbelievable, even though this was  supposed  to be a quiet off season time at the park. They had something called Annual Passholder days and that may have contributed to the crowds. A local guest said it was as bad as any busy summer day.Overall, we didn't enjoy our visit and that's a sad commentary. If you look at my avatar you will notice it is a Disney castle. We are big Disney fans and always enjoy Disney World. We were very disappointed with our five days out at Disneyland and the California Adventure. I hate to say it, but we won't be going back there after this experience.After 12 14 visits, I think I'm over Disneyland. To many parades  and shows that bring the flow of movement to a near standstill. The Fast Pass system needs to be revamped;  Front of Line  like maybeSadly we went this past Monday which was during spring break for kids. That's not Disney's fault but aren't from Ca and we didn't know. I can tell you it's too crowded during spring break. You will spend your whole dayd waiting to ride. We were able to get 1 fast pass but they ran out. We rode 5 rides during our 10 hour day...ugh . Disneyland though is so dirty. There was trash floating in the castle moat, on the streets, on the rides. The bathrooms were dirty and i mean very dirty. We ate at the Blue Bayou and it was delicious. High priced but good. Although Disneyland doesn't allow alcohol California adventure does so the drunks and i mean very drunk drunks will wonder over. Im sorry Walt we love you but not your original park. We will not be back.We planned a 3 day vacation to Disneyland ( we are SERIOUS Disney fans) but I have to say  this was a total let down. Everything we wanted to ride was broken. Then we waited for 1.5 hours for Space Mountain ( in the heat) then all of a sudden it was down with   no estimated time  for it to be back up! Then we heard it had already been down 2 times before. We had gotten Fast Passes to Indiana Jones ( everyone gets fast pass, another disappointment  because then what's the point?!!), after we waited for our time ( which was 3 hours later) the ride was down!The crowds were ridiculous and it was total chaos! We won't be returning here again, instead we will stick to the parks in Orlando.We won't use our 3 day passes at all, we opted to go other places......Would never go back! I am a senior and went with my six year old grandson and 34 year old daughter. We were all disappointed! Highly overrated. There was not a single ride, store, washroom that we didn't have to line up for! I expected this but did not expect the pushing and shoving and the excess number of strollers for a Thursday between 9:30 until 3:00 pm. All of us including my grandson were so glad to see the exit. I have been to Tokyo and can tell you honestly that Tokyo during rush hour has nothing on Disneyland. Truly a waste of money! Sorry but that's my opinion! I did see lots of grumpy people that looked like they were experiencing the same type of day!Spring break crowds and closed attractions left this trip with very few good memories. A song ran through my head as we waited endlessly for tickets, admission, attractions, meals, drinks, the bathroom...Lines, lines, everywhere a lineBlockin'' out the scenery, breakin' my mindWait here, wait some more, can you believe the lines?Let me preface this review by saying Disneyland opened when I was 4; so my expectations and excitement were higher than usual. A huge disappointment! No happy characters greet you at the gate or were ever in sight. Two to three hour waits for rides. Food was horrid. Shops redundant. We left within three hours. A miserable experience. For $110 one would expect to be at least mildly entertained.We were very excited to visit Disneyland after going to a couple other Disney parks (one being overseas). Unfortunately, we were ultimately disappointed. The rides were very dated for most of the park and the workers weren't up to the level that they were at Disney World. California Adventure Park, on the other hand, was very well done and a good experience. Disneyland is very small and we were debating between going here and Universal Studios. In hindsight, we were probably better off going to Universal Studios in lieu of this but our curiosity got the better of us. There are simply too many people and not enough rides. The lines are ridiculous   which we expected   and there is a crazy amount of people there with small infants (many less than 4 6 months old) and toddlers with strollers in such a small space. Disneyland is definitely showing it's age   I would skip the park and go to California Adventure if you must go to the park. The lines are terrible there too   but the environment is much nicer.My wife and I visited Disneyland today. We tend to visit every few years but this will be the last visit until things change. It's always busy but today was impossibly busy likely due to Spring Break. But if this were any other business it would be shut down for being over occupancy numbers. This is a tragedy waiting to happen. There is literally no space to walk especially as ride lines become extended and further block available walking space. God forbid someone had an emergency or some major event happened.What I truly don't understand is why they be doing repairs on some rides if they know this is the busiest time of the year. Also, they claim to raise the prices in the busy season but I'm not at all convinced this is really done to reduce crowds. If they wanted to reduce crowds that would simply put quota on ticket sales and guests entering the park. Force people to make reservations (lottery if necessary) and reduce same day ticket sales entries.The park was an overcrowded mess today. With rides closing down constantly (we had a stretch where we went to 4 rides consecutively with fast passes and each ride was closed down for repairs), lines weaving everywhere it was often very difficult to try to understand where the line actually started, long lines for food and bathrooms, etc. It was comically annoying and actually quite pathetic and I kept wondering why I had paid so much for this. It felt very overrated.Disney badly needs to stop thinking about only making money and actually try to think about providing a quality experience again and this will begin with crowd control. As far as I can tell they currently don't have any quotas or restraints on park entries and the fastpass system broke down today on multiple occasions. The park just couldn't handle the number of people within its boundaries and the most popular rides were pushed to their brink which ultimately led to many breakdowns. As for me, I will be spending my money elsewhere. This has become the tourist trap of all time tourist traps.Top attractions Matterhorn, Railroad, Riverboat and several others are closed for refurbishment. They need it, as they keep stopping. Evacuation procedures are awful, needing more than a half hour to get people off a stopped ride. They don't advise about the closed rides before you buy a ticket, but that is part of the Disney culture: grab as much money as they can. There are lots of other people who will keep the lineups full. You need lots of patience and ways to entertain kids in hour long lineups.As a long time Disney theme park visitor and a HUGE Disney fan, I am saddened to say how disappointed I am to have to rate the park so low. The chaos may be partly to blame for the massive amount of construction and overhaul the park is currently undergoing. It is difficult to understand why decisions to close some bathroom facilities for rehab while not providing additional options were made. Closing down the train that moves people from one side of the park to the other is also a very bad move. People can barely get around most hours of the day and several ride closures complicated things further. There aren't enough places for people to sit and rest and the fast pass system is antiquated and there isn't a system in place to allow people to exchange a pass if a ride breaks during their allotted time. The situation during the parade times is dangerous. There is absolutely no way an emergency situation can be handled. I can't recommend a visit until all construction as been completed.Was very excited to visit the disneyland on my trip to LA from australia but its very busy down there even on monday. Paid $97 each for 1 day 1 park.. Went with a baby and its started raining. There is not much proper shelter as everyone is trying to get inside .. and instead of helping people they start selling there overpriced umbrellas and ponchos... the food was very expensive inside and quality is 0... few rides were closed... got stuck on space mountain for 20 mins and had to come through emergency stairs around 8:20pm went there on fast pass and still waited around 30 mins in fastpass line ... no apologize though and handed a pass to skip the line for other ride when its closing in 40 mins and had to watch electric prade at 8:30 as well... had no choice but just to throw that card. Big lines and waiting times are approx 30 60 mins atleast in every ride . Staff is not friendly nor helpful as waited with the baby for 20 mins in star wars lines only to get it know that babies are not allowed on this ride. Didnt you see the people with babies . Even in front of us has a 2 year old girl and they have to get out as well. If people think that staff service in disneyland if great than the have never seen one in other countries. Come down under to gold coast's dreamworld or seaworld or movieworld here and u ll know what a helpfull staff and great service is. Disneyland opened the year I was born. Living in San Diego, my parents made sure Disneyland was an annual trek for our family   I remember the days of coupon books, and our station wagon glove box was full of partially used ticket books (all the A & B coupons   LOL!), and admission was around $5. You could go for the day and ride every single good ride multiple times. Once, we went on Space Mountain TEN TIMES! Nowadays, ticket prices are well in excess of $100 and you're lucky if you make it onto 3 rides. In December, we waited in line for Thunder Mountain three times. After an hour of waiting, the ride broke down. This happened twice more. Same happened on Indiana Jones. I finally complained that we had been in the park for more than five hours and had only managed to get onto one  good  ride (Star Wars) and a supervisor gave us a  front of the line  ticket to any premium attraction. After the third breakdown on Thunder Mountain, we decided to just leave the park. We went on a total of three rides. They do have a  Fast Track , but you're only allowed to use that for one attraction at a time. Seriously, Disneyland just needs to limit the number of admissions to ensure guests can at least get on some rides. Very disappointed. Only gave it two stars for the nostalgia of how great the park was when I was a child teenager young adult.I have been going several times a year for about 10 years. I don't live in SoCal but I travel there often. I take my now 13 year old son. The magic morning early entry used to be somewhat exclusive, but now it's almost as crowded as any other time. My son and I could ride a few rides for about the first 2 hours after the park opened, but after that, it was not worth standing in lines for hours to ride a couple rides. We spent a lot of time offsite eating out, and in our hotel watching movies. We would try to go back in the evening but it was really tough to do anything. I get the concept of the more paying customers the more money, but our time at Disneyland has finally come to an end. We are now looking for other things to do other than come to that park. That's too bad because it really is a nice park. We did enjoy our times there, so my review score is only for this trip, not cumulative. Our trips back in the late part of the last decade and the early part of this decade were terrific.Well I wish my review could be different as I love Disneyland and always have, but not this time. We travelled their Feb 19 24 and were sadly disappointed and may not return. The staff who used to be so friendly were mostly bothered by the tourists, I was shell shocked as I remember staff being so friendly and part of the magic, but now it's just like anywhere else. I especially noticed that the people working the rides seemed almost annoyed; they wouldn't smile, barely spoke to you and rushed you through like cattle. I actually was shocked when I asked the girl running the buzz light year, if they took a fast pass, she looked at me and shook her head no and then turned away. I remember the park being so friendly and happy, but not anymore, I think they need to work on their training. We paid full price for our hopper passes, and expected some of the rides to be down as its low season; but at one point, Indiana Jones, The old railroad, Pirates of the Caribbean, bobsled ride, Grizzly, Ferris wheel, Screaming California and the carousal were all down. We paid a lot for these tickets and half the rides were down, which then made the few rides with 160 minute wait, like ridiculous. The food at the park was terrible and so expensive, but on a positive note ESPN outside the parks was awesome and so was the Rain forest cafe. All in all if you go, be prepared that staff are no longer as kind and friendly, losing the magic of the park, and its becoming just like anywhere else, over priced, broken rides, with little to no customer service. We have gone every year for the last five years but think we will be switching to a beach vacation instead, which makes us kind of sad but unless things improve its just not worth it :.(We used to love going when our kids were young however after waiting to pay for the $20 parking then we get to security and they have our four university kids go through the metal scanner and not us. Just so happens our daughters friend originally from India. I don't think that is a coincidence at all since they never asked us and we were behind them.Add to that it was my husband that forgot his large pocket knife in his pocket and our kids had nothing on them. So much for good security but that is what you get with discriminating against youth  and other races.It's one thing to wait for lines but quite another for several of the washrooms to closed or as one staff told us  the line up for the women's restroom is a nightmare .Add to that two of the best rides were closed. For some reason Disneyland does not bother to post that at the gate. I really think they should give a reduced rate when some of the major rides are closed.Then the food is and has been absolutely gross. I don't know how a kid friendly socially responsible business can serve such deep fried crap. I realize some parents allow kids that stuff but at least offer some healthy options.So with the open discrimination, the closed rides, the awful food and the terrible line ups it will be a very very long time before we come back if ever.Attended Disneyland on Feb 21 2017 and I must say that the operation of their attractions has to be the worst I have ever seen at any amusement park. Upon arrival at the park when it first opened at 9AM until 5PM we had made attempts to go on several rides (Indiana Jones, Space Mountain, Peter Pan, Star Tours, Small World, Buzz's Astro Ride, Peter Pan and the Railcar Rollercoaster). We only made it onto 2 of these rides (Peter Pan and the Railcar) in a total of 8 hours due to  rides breaking down . We had waited in line and obtained FastPasses for the rides that had them only to find ourselves in line or on the ride and having to evacuate due to the mechanical issues they were having. Having spent $1500 to make a day trip here from Canada this was far from what we had originally planned for. We finally went to CityHall and were compensated with 4 FastPasses (which technically we already had previously, and at this point in the day the lines were minimal) and $20 food voucher. Following our trip and still being dissatisfied with the experience we spoke with customer relations and they had said that we had already been heavily compensated and there is nothing more they would offer. Pretty pathetic for a company that is worth $170 billion dollars to deny a dissatisfied guest the request for FastPasses to use for their next visit (which doesn't cost Disney anything at all) to entice them to come back and attempt to rejuvenate their feelings towards their original experience. I am not sure that I will ever be back after having gone through this. Great customer service at the park for giving us the extra FastPasses and $20 food voucher but terrible customer service by guest relations on the phone call conversation following. In reference to how much of a run around it was for us, I had my iPhone tracking my steps for that day   We walked a total of 16km's due to walking around attempting to find rides that weren't broken down and went on a total of 6 rides that day and were there until the parade ended.. Great workout though I guess.WE went to Disneyland with 70,000 other people. The park was so crowded that we could not enjoy it! Disney has a brilliant idea of making the lines go onto the walking paths. This makes it impossible to get around. Fast pass was full at every ride, so we just had to wait in line. They are trying to navigate crowd control and it is not working! I was very disappointed and I spent a lot of $$ to go. I will not travel to Disneyland for a very long time. One of our family members had a huge panic attack and the only help we got was to walk through the shops. I know that Disney has another way out and to get around. We just needed help getting our family member out without any more issues! I was very disappointed in Disney's lack of help!!I went to Disneyland today (Feb 13, 2017) and was not only disappointed, but disgusted with Disney management. The park said a couple rides were closed while they built a Star Wars attraction. However, they made no mention that Pirates of the Caribbean and Matterhorn were also closed   who knows why? So for your $97 admission & $20 to park you got fewer rides and long lines   even on a low attendance day. Then there was a 5 car fire in the garage, so they closed it as well as the trams. People (myself included) were in the line waiting for a tram, and we were told trams would be at the far end of Downtown Disney. So we all walked a long distance only to be told  no trams, so walk to the garage    another LONG distance. Upon arrival at the garage Disney stall said  IT WAS CLOSED TO EVERYONE  because of the long ago extinguished fire. So, every had to stand & wait TWO HOURS until the garage re opened. If people had been told about the garage back in the park, they could have done other things while waiting for admittance to the garage, back in either park instead of standing around a lot with no seating and NO bathrooms. Disney's management has atrocious communications skills and are bad at their jobs. Walt would roll over in his grave if he saw how Disneyland's guests were treated.Save your money until you can fly to Orlando and go to DisneyWorld. I'd rather BURN $100 bills, than return to Disneyland in Anaheim.Spent over $1500USD for a family of 5 with 3 day pass at Dis Cal land in late January. Crowds were epic, worst I have experienced anywhere in the world making. Each day at least two of their prized blue ribbon rides were closed for maintenance, which upon re opening had lines up to 2 hours long! Fast passes got us onto them all with a 1 hour max wait. Such waits though really are excessive, why can't the park limit maximum crowd number? Why can't families with young kids buy an early entry from 7am like in house guests? Keeping track of young kids in the crowds is most stressful, with park diners offering overpriced poor food that did little to help relax there. Why can't Disney service ALL rides each night to minimise risk of failing during opening hours?? Run a ski resort like this and they would fail miserably.Love to visit the park but they need to improve their communication! Why have a live information app if you wait to turn kids away AT THE GATE?!Our situation was unusual but it was disappointing: it's not Disneyland's fault we visited during a rainy weekend. We waited until evening when the rain cleared away to head to the park only to be told at the gate it was closing early. I had been watching the app for any info but there'd been no warning. It hadn't occurred to me to check twitter because i assumed the Disneyland app would show an alert but no :( a ticket wasted and a hysterical child to take back to our hotel. So make sure you check ALL their sources of communication!I have been going to Disneyland about once a year for about 20 years now. After my visit this past weekend, I think it will be a much longer stretch before I go back again. I was expecting heavy crowds, since I made the choice to go over a weekend, but was still overwhelmed when I was in the thick of it all. People with strollers clog up many areas of the park and made it very difficult to get around. Several rides broke down throughout the day, one happened when we were next to get on the ride. Another ride posted a 45 minute wait for standby, but it turned out to be 90 minutes. We waited in line for 60 minutes for a game playing ride, only to have the game not work once our car got inside. Food and drink prices had gone up even more since my last visit. One of the people in my party got sick after eating a salad at the park. The park itself, usually pristine, was a mess. Garbage cans were overflowing in many of the eating areas and bathrooms were unclean. We had lovely interaction with only two employees during our visit, most others seemed just  Blah  about working there. It seemed like the park was understaffed and unprepared for the large crowd. With the increase in ticket prices, I expect Disneyland to continue to operate with excellence and provide exceptional service. They missed the mark by a wide margin on this visit.Rides are fine; place is clean but it's a big corporation looking to get the most money from you for the least amount of work. There's no good time to come here. If there are fewer customers, they reduce their staff. Sadly, customers are second class. It would be so bad if the trucks today. I'd understand if it was $30 per person and you had to wait online for 40 minutes, and sometimes two hours. But the they charge so much to get in that there should be better service.I have visited Disney for 20 years. great times . great memories. Over the last 5 years the park has become more crowded or less staffed. The rides are not kept up like they used to be or they are used harder . Disney used to be pristine. from rides to hedges to sparking restrooms. This is not the case any longer. It seems that good enough is the new standard. Having major attractions closed for renovations is part of the maintenance. Having 3 of your 6 major rides down seems like i am being ripped off. The food is 3 out of 10. the price is 400% out side in the real world. if you are going to charge me. that rate have the decency to make it taste like someone actually tried it before you tried to sell it. Bottom line is   you will go because you are forced by tradition   you will miss the good old days when there was pride taken in doing an exceptional job and a desire to provide you a magical day. my advice pack a lunch and a few snacks. We perhaps got this wrong but Disneyland didn't really offer much for our 18 and 20 year old sons. There are only the five or six rides which after substantive waiting times were a little underwhelming to the point where my wife who gets scared on a Ferris wheel found them  comfortable !!! Again the park is beautifully presented and laid out and ideal for younger kids and Disney tragics, just not the place for older kids and the young at heart looking for challenging rides. No problems trying to find a Disney souvenir or feed as the bulk of the buildings are dedicated to gift shops and eateries.I wouldn't recommend going to Disneyland unless you enjoy long line ups and crowded people. This place did not offer that true Disney experience in comparison to Disney World. I don't think I would ever go back, it had some decent rides, but i spent most of my day waiting in line ups. It felt less like Disney, but more like a amusement park just trying to take your money. Are you kidding me?! That is what the sign said on Wednesday, January 4, 2017. It was CRAZY CROWDED! Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Disneyland but this was insane! When I lived in Southern California, I had an annual pass. We would go on off days to avoid the crowds. We came down on off days and rainy days, hoping that it would keep the crowds low. I guess everyone had the same idea! This year our kids had a weird Holiday schedule. So I thought it would be fun to make a quick trip to Disneyland. It was so crowded that it made it hard to have fun. We got in right as it opened and got our first fast pass and then went to ride Indiana Jones. After waiting for 20 minutes in line, they closed the ride. They should offer return tickets for those that had waited in line. It was so crowded that there were horrible lines to use the rest rooms and then you had to wait in line to wash your hands! I've never been to Disneyland where the bathrooms were so poorly maintained. They were dirty! I've never seen this before at this park. Stalls had no toilet paper and there were no paper towels. I even informed a a cast member of the problem and they shrugged their shoulders at me. I'd have to say the most annoying part of this visit was the LINE CUTTING! When did this become acceptable? Everyone was doing it. Old people, young people, little kids, and parents were all cutting in line. You get in line and wait like everyone else has had to do. You should not be able to play, eat, use the restroom, whatever and then when your party is at the front, you push your way up to them!!! NO! NO! NO! Also, people walking in the crowded park texting or using their smart phones and not paying attention to where they are walking. I lost count of how many times I got slammed into by people not paying attention. Play your games, text, read your email or what ever while in line, not while walking. I could go on but you understand. I Love Disneyland and will continue to visit but I think that they need to rethink some of their policies.Coming from Australia we were very excited but the crowds were incredible. I get it was school holidays but I was shocked. The amount of prams (strollers) and mobility scooters mixed with foot traffic meant everyone was walking at a snails pace, bumper to bumper. The line ups for the rides were at least an hour long each with some up to 4 hrs long. The park itself was beautiful but you couldn't just simply enjoy it. Lining up for 2 hrs just to get a family photo with Mickey Mouse was sad.The lines just to get through security were over 45 minutes long. Then you have to stand in line again to buy tickets if not pre purchased. Then stand in line again to enter the park. I do not recommend coming here anytime around the year end holidays. The crowds are just too big. This is our second visit to Disneyland and maybe our last! We knew it was going to be busy on the holidays but what we dealt with was ridiculous! Last time we came during the summer holidays and it was 5 star all the way this time not so much! Using our park hopper tickets on one of our days was useless for a while as Disneyland was full so we couldn't go from park to park! The Fastpass system was useless by lunchtime as they were all taken! I feel sorry for the people who were there for a once in a lifetime trip! Walking from place to place was also a nightmare! Disney needs to catch up with the rest of the world and design a Fastpass you can pay for so first timers and people from far away can pay the extra money and get around the park! We felt that this time we did not get value for money and left with sore backs, sore legs and a bitter taste in our mouths! Please Disney think about your park capacity and ways to cater for people during busy times! Oh and if you want to get into the Frozen show good luck! Congratulations to Disney in the profits you have made in the last two days!We visited on 25th December, Christmas day. Not that we didn't expect crowd, but the park was overflowing with visitors. Almost no place to stand. And they dont seem to be equipped to handle the crowds. Toilets are a struggle to find (unlike Universal Studios), there are queues for the toilets when you find one. The park maps are filled with tooooo much information for anyone to follow and get the bearings right in the 1st hour. Then they have this Fast Pass system which makes you run around the entire park a few hundred times. We walked almost 7 miles within the park on 1 single day, trying to get done with most rides. Eventually we did manage to do all the rides which needed the fast pass, but you gotta be on your toes from 9 am to 9 pm to be able to achieve that.The rides are superb. None of them to be missed. The Parades are something the kids and adults enjoy to watch.Overall it was a bad experience for the amount of crowd in the park. I would STRONGLY recommend a visitor to choose a working weekday (if possible) to visit the parkAnd to Disney to restrict the crowds to a manageable number. I understand its business for you and should be maximized, but not at the cost of such inconvenience for people with families looking to have a good timeFirst the good parts. Disneyland Park is an iconic park that is a must see tourist attraction. However, Disneyland has 1 major flaw, which becomes quite evident in the first 2 hours there. Disneyland has a severe shortage of restrooms. It is baffling that a company as sophisticated as Disneyland did not account for sufficient restroom capacity inside its iconic park! For men, it's better. But for women who want to use restroom, forget about it! The line for women restroom is so long for every restroom in Disneyland park. Shameful for whoever is in charge of this at Disneyland park. That fast pass is the most bogus thing ever... why shouldn't everyone just wait the old fashion way. When it come to it i see a bunch of people pass everyone elses kids. So many sad faces because of this. If it is 2 lines you need then by all means have 2 linesA long planned for holiday to LA and Disneyland over the December holiday break turned out to be a big disappointment. The Park was so crowded that it was impossible to enjoy. Waits for rides were so long that they were impractical for younger children to take part. Food outlets were manic and seating was in very short supply. The famed  smiling staff  were nowhere to be seen   just frowns of resignation to the fact that too many entrance tickets had been sold to make the visit worthwhile.If you are an international guest who will pay thousands of dollars to get to this overrated theme park, do not plan a Xmas visit. You are wasting your money.I must say after visiting here a few times in the 2000's I was very disappointed with the park this time. The toilets were not clean, many over flowing, the water fountains were blocked and rubbish was strewn throughout the streets. This may have been because the park was at capacity and then some. I remember a time when the guest service agents smiled and said hello, this time it was very obvious the staff were unhappy, I even heard a conversation between two disgruntled employees. This may be a Gen X thing, I don't know, but the magic used to be the aura of happiness. Tokyo Disney leaves this one for dead. They say it's the happiest place on earth. Well after paying almost $100 per day to get in there along with 100,000 other people. You wait in line for the majority of the day to get on rides. You can only use a fast pass so often and they are limited to some rides. No wonder you need to buy a 5 day pass and even with that you don't get the whole experience of the park. Shame on you Disneyland and your cooperate greed. I remember when it was the happiest place on earth. Not anymore. I won't return.We were so disappointed by our visit. We love visiting the Disney parks in Orlando  this one is no comparison. This location is a cramped park with tons of rude people and long lines. Not fun....I'm currently standing in an hour and a half long line just to get on Finding Nemo. If your favorite ride is Space Mountain, expect a two and a half hour wait. The amount of people that are allowed into the park is ridiculous. We have to follow lines to get from land to land. I use to come here every year up through high school, never have I experienced so many people at Disneyland. Eventhough this is  peak season,  I wish those who operate the park would care about the happiness of the visitors who pay over $100 a ticket versus their net profit. Disney, everyone standing in these lines and herding through the park look miserable. Please take this post to heart.I have been visiting Disney for over 40 years, we are season pass holders who visit a few times a year. This is the first time we have encountered so many broke down rides and rude employees. Its like the whole culture at Disney has changed and they need to get it back quick.I was shocked to see how much the entrance to Disney has increased. We visited on Sunday 30th October and opted for single day hopper passes. I was shocked to see that the price was $160 bucks each... $320 total...Thank god no kids in tow! Granted I have not visited there since 2004 but I am sure that back them a three day hopper cost me less...Trying to cram in both parks into a single day means that it is nigh on impossible to do everything which equals very poor value. On top of this some of the Disneyland staples like Splash Mountain and Its A Small World were closed. Could not get on The Tower of Terror due to120 mins line which was fairly consistent for the whole day. Oh I almost forgot if you are driving add another $18 for parking. Also when you are in you are locked into the ridiculous prices of food and drink like $4 for a bottle of water!...Talk about daylight robbery! The whole price of the thing now seems a total rip off and is disproportionate to the experience that you get once inside...The whole thing has left a sour taste so will probably not be visiting again. : (I was in Anaheim for a day (10am   7pm) and thought I would check it out since I love Disney so much. The food, drinks and souvenirs are definitely not worth the price they are charging. Most of the attractions i found were for young kids and the wait times for the rides were an hour or more.We have been to Disneyland many, many times. This last visit was the worst. For $160 per ticket, one should be able to ride more than 4 5 rides a day. The crowds were horrendous. Thinking that it may have been close to capacity. The fast pass system is a broken system. The passes are dispersed and  sold out  at the beginning of the day, and the returns allow too many people to use fast pass. This makes the wait times even longer.Hoping that this is our last Disney trip.I have visited Disneyland about 25 times over the last 40 or so years. I have seen many changes. I took my children when they were young. I have taken some of my grandkids here. This was the worst ever visit. The price is way too expensive. Much of the park was closed. Even Small World was closed. The steamship Columbia doesn't move. Tom Sawyer Island... closed. Old Bear Country area closed. Then they closed the park at 6PM so they could charge another $70 for Mickey's Halloween party. Greed is the word of the day now at  The Most Expensive Place on Earth .This theme park is always too overcrowded I feel like I'm paying $120 to stand on line all day and listen to Disney music.  One time was enough for my family and kind of an inconvenience.  Not very fun either.Disneyland used to be a place where everyone could afford to go and have a good time. In recent years the park has gotten so overcrowded that you can wait upwards of 4 hours to get on 1 single ride. They keep raising the ticket prices saying they offer a good value for your money, which is not true. Most of the time you can't even get on the ride of your choice. They raise the food prices it seems every 3 4 months. Not a fun place to visit anymore and Disney has priced me out of future visits.We've been to Disney world three times in the past five years so decided to give Disneyland a go this time. We went mid week in October and the resort was as busy as I've seen on a weekend at Disneyworld. The whole day was ruined as we only got on four rides and walking around was like being part of a chaotic parade, with bumping, jostling and challenges to get anywhere. Disney needs to do better and limit access to the park. Selling unlimited tickets is a terrible experience for guests and terrible value as well. I just got finished using a annual pass. Last yea things seem to be hoping at Disneyland. As the year has gone by I have gotten more and more disappointed. The last visit that was in October 2016 was quite disappointing. Splash mountain and that whole area was closed down. Most the rides in Disneyland had glitches and were closed on and off. The place seems a bit dirty not kept up well. And the crowds are totally out of control. They have brought out a really old parade and the fireworks were quite disappointing. I'm not renewing my pass. Over at California adventure they will be closing Tower of Terror. The parade there hasn't changed at all. Toy story ride seems dirty like they need to clean the sidewalks and umbrellas Hopefully things will get better in the next few yearsWe were there with our family 10 13 16. It was near impossible to get on any rides and we feel like we wasted money just to walk around the park, eat horrible food and bump into other frustrated people. I know the park is for kids and sometimes you just have to deal with crowds to make them happy, but this trip was ridiculous. If they are going to sell that many tickets to get into the park they should have a way for people to track it and decide if they want to try another day.Another disappointing thing was the characters that used to be found walking around the park were nowhere to be found. This was very disappointing. We waited in lines to get pictures with the characters only to get to the front of the line in time for breaks. This added to the frustration of an already frustrating day. The lady asking for feedback in the park was given. This same information. Hopefully they can come up with some way to truly make this the happiest place on earth, because it wasn't for us.As a family, we've logged hundreds of days at Disney parks, and have never had a bad experience. Even when we attend while busy, the experience has still been great. That is, until Friday Oct. 21st. Disneyland closed at 7 for a trick or treating event. I noticed on their website that they were doing this, but never imagined that they would kick a full paying customer out early, but that wasn't the worst part. If you didn't have a wrist band, you couldn't even use the restrooms at the back of the park! My wife had to struggle all the way to main street to get in an insanely long line for the restroom. Then, while waiting for her, I tried to purchase some items and a beverage in a nearby shop, and was denied entrance, and told it was for wrist bands only! So let me get this straight, we pay over $300 each for park hoppers, but a trick or treating wrist band holder is more valuable? The trick or treaters weren't buying anything in the shops, but many of us wanted to at least shop since we were being excused early from riding the attractions. No dice! This is classic double dipping! Park hoppers paid full price for a day, but got kicked out 5hours early, and the trick or treaters, paid $50 for half day, I guess we'll be going to Universal or Magic mountain from now on.I love Disneyland!!! I have been there 8 times from Canada over my 40 years of life. I still enjoyed it a lot, but there are things that happened this time that I just don't know if it's worth it anymore. We looked at several sights and came to the conclusion Early Oct is a great time to visit. Nice weather and not to buys. We looked at what rides were closed and decided to go and take the kids out of school. It was busy. very busy. If this is considered not busy    then my point is made for me. Long lines. Long waits. I think it has to do with so so many season passes. Almost everyone paying for meals and merchandise had a season pass card to get their discount. I understand economics. Disney just doesn't care about the experience as long as they are full. But for me, I just don't think we can do it anymore and fight with the wall to wall traffic. On top of that we made sure that splash mountain was suppose to be open .. then on day 3    we go over to that area    big sign up the area is closed. So we ask the person standing there    for how long? A month!!! We were not the only people complaining. On top of that I have never in my other 7 times experienced the high level of break downs!! Thunder mountain many times. Space mountain also. Even some of the smaller rides like Snow white was down for periods of time. With all the extra season pass money you think they could pay for some maintenance so things would stay up. A once great place is now just run to maximize profits. The experience is secondary as long as people show up. Walt .. we need you back. This place has lost it's way.There are so many people here now that it is almost not fun anymore. Some of the lines are 120 minutes. Thats 2 hours waiting in a line for a 5 minute ride. There is a lot of construction going on right now so a few of the attraction are closed down.Disneyland is my favorite vacation but it's way to busy in October. A friend I was with during this trip said it was busier than their summer visit! Lots of rides closed down for temporary repair when had waited in line for 1  hrs. Very frustrating!Waay too crowded. Couldnt get near the street parade or restaurants or rides. One hour queue to see a fairy princess was too much. bit expensive too. Staff say they close the doors at 98000 ppl. fast pass yourself to nother placeThe security line to get into the area to purchase tickets and stand in line to get in takes half an hour. Then the line to get in takes another half hour because they take pictures of everyone, even if you are entering for only a day. RIDICULOUS. Terrible way to start a day at  the happiest place on Earth. Having been to Disney World quite a few times in the past, the day we spend at Disneyland during our Honeymoon in the LA area was quite a disappointment. There were so many things closed for refurbishment that it was just ridiculous. Finding just traditional american food (burgers, chicken, etc withut a ton of regional spices seasoning) was next to impossible without traversing half the park. Even on a weekday, the park seemed pretty packed with kids (don't they have school in California???). For the price of the ticket, I'd look elsewhere for entertainment unless you have kids who really want to go here.Sorry folks, I know it's probably going to be perceived as downright un American to not love this place, but I just have to say it's become a commercially driven, chaotic, not so kid friendly place. I guess if you like to dodge crowds and think pushing a stroller through masses of people is fun, you may enjoy it. But for the $270 for 2 days for one adult, this grandma would rather go someplace quieter, slower and less over stimulating for little kids. This admission is just be beginning. Food and drinks are expensive, and photos are being snapped everywhere so, of course, they are trying to get you to buy them. Just enough already! Older kids no doubt will love it, but seriously lacking in activities that appeal to small kids without a really long wait in line. Hello, someone out there at Disney...kids 3 and under don't really want to WAIT that long for a 2 minute ride. We stood in line for 45 minutes at the Ariel ride, leaving 2 strollers outside. When we came back, they had been moved by the staff and it took another half hour to locate ours. I don't know, maybe I'm getting old, but for the money I don't think the experience is what I want my grandkids to be raised on. Buy, buy, buy, more, more, more. It's lost it's charm, and maybe parents grandparents should rethink the message it's teaching.After a lifetime of wanting to go to Disneyland and hearing that it was the happiest place on earth, I found it Meh.....We went at the end of August so I should have known better, but oh my word the crowds, oh the crowds.....WOW..... it was step, shuffle, another step shuffle, shoulder to shoulder people, two hour line ups for a ten minute ride, pushing, shoving, rude people, standing in line, oh the line ups were so horrible, so long.Being terrified of losing your family because you would never find them again and I mean never.Haunted Mansion was shut down which was SOOOO disappointing, as well as the train.Line ups for food were so longThere were so many people we couldn't even see anythingIt was so hot you know being California and all, but some shade over the line ups would have been nice.Completely surprised that this is allowed as far as safety is concerned.I was pleasantly surprised by how clean the park was and how there were no line ups at the bathrooms. Kind of confusing actually.Don't get me wrong it was Disneyland so we did kind of have fun, no never mind it wasn't fun at all. It really wasn't but keep in mind we did go in August, so if I ever go back (I shutter at the thought) it will be in November.I always heard disney is supposed to be all happy with happy people and happy things from non to living things...why are these people all sad n have attidudes for. The fast pass there sucks, I do not like them at all. Such a small packed place there. Only ride I loved of course was the tower of terror...in my opinion I will forever LOVE disneyWORLD, I call DISNEYWORLD a happy place with great attidudes. What happen to west coast people being  chilled  LOLThe size of this park is tiny, definitely not worth the high entry fee! It's iconic and that's probably why it stays afloat. The Star Wars addition was ok, I thought it would have more then one movie, one museum, and one ride. It advertised it was much bigger. Hyper Space mountain was a ride we all enjoyed. Just very disappointed in the amount of thrill rides this park had. Very minimal, should be better then what it was for the $100 admission per person. The rides are comparable to a county fair! Definitely needs a facelift! The fireworks were cancelled last minute due to the wind? What wind??! A local & an employee advised this happens often! Probably a slick way for Disney to save some money! Disappointing to folks like me , who don't get out to California. This was a once in a lifetime thing. I'll be back to Cali def not to Disneyland! Utter disappointment for my family. My kids were looking forward to it, but they were not happy at the end of the day. Shame on you Mickey! We felt this park was overrated for a family, huge lineups, rude guests and staff members.  Been there, done that is the best we can sayThis was the 2nd time i visited within 4 months on a week day and both times they canceled the fireworks due to winds,,, REALLY??? It was so blazing hot not a puff of wind to be had.. Its Disney packing people beyond the limits at 160.00 for a day pass, serving crappy expensive food and not coming through at the end of the day... This was NOT a diamond celebration but rather a cubic zirconium celebration.So, getting right to the cons...too expensive for the quality of service and attractions. 400$ plus for one day. Lines, hoards of people everywhere, pushing, running into you, vying for the best spot to view the parade, fireworks, etc. Food and drink is beyond over priced and restaurants are difficult to get seating without reservations. Parking is more $$$ added to your day. It was just a let down. Disney should not allow so many people in the park per day and it could be the Happiest Place On Earth. But right now it's just a scam for Disney to make as much money as they can. My kids  6&8  preferred Knotts...and so did my husband and I!Too many people, and Disney's application which is supposed to display the current  waiting time for each attraction is useless because Disney doesn't provide wifi!!!  Its wifi partner, AT&T, must be upset !  The staff doesn't even care about this contradiction.Did you know selfie sticks are dangerous?It seems the folks at Disneyland think so. So much so that they will take them from you and destroy them with no form of compensation to the affected party. Oh they give you the option of doing a 40 minute round trip back to your car or hour round trip back to your hotel, but why would a  guest  want to do that? So they took my stick, my complaints to the bag checker and his supervisor went unheard EVEN THOUGH the day before the same security guard didn't notice it was in my bag and I was allowed in with this weapon of mass destruction. My next recourse was to wait 30 minutes at  Guest Relations  to discuss my unhappiness at the happiest place on Earth. My customer service rep gasped when I told him I was not happy. Nicely done. Once the reason was discovered however he lost compassion and explained to me that company policy prohibited such items in the park and it clearly stated this on the website. Fine. I discussed my desire to be placated...compensated...somehow made happy after being treated like a criminal. To which said representative informed me that he had no ability or authorization to do so. I promptly asked for a supervisor who came minutes later. Once again I recounted my story and received the same reply...policy...prohibited...website...sorrySo I asked again what can YOU do to ease my irritation. Her reply was to pull out a blue form so that I could register my complaint. Needless to say I was not amused and left the area with a loud retort of  useless  as I left. As I stand in line for Nemo and write this I notice children playing roughly with onsite purchased light saber toys which in my estimation are more of a nuisance then a rotund 50 year old with a selfie stick. But hey what do I know....I didn't come up with the policyNow I have been visiting Disney parks since 1977....before the Internet (yes there was a time before smart phones and snippity snappity chat). And I have had overwhelmingly positive experiences in both Orlando and Cali. Not today howeverTo this I say Boo....boo to Blue Form Letters, boo to no one caring at all in Guest Relations, and BOO to the fact that two days admission to the park, food and souvenirs cost me close to 1000.00 and one of the richest businesses on Earth couldn't be bothered to offer me a free lunch or discount coupon for something to say  sorry I don't expect this review to influence any guests. It is fun to come here... Just remember leave your WMDs in your car or hotel before you comeAfter years of anticipation Disneyland failed to live up to the hype. The rides are dated and average compared to the likes of universal studios, ridiculous wait times, break downs, a stupid amount of visitors led to us leaving very disappointed and wishing we had spent our money elsewhere! Unfortunately the magic of Disneyland must only exist if you are 7 years and under. Personally I would not waste my time taking a young family here, not only is it expensive for entry, food is expensive, merchandise is expensive and wait times are ridiculous  especially for young children! Disneyland needs to take a leaf out of Universal Studios book... Covered areas for ride queues and front of the line passes might make it more enjoyable for peopleI know this will not be a popular review, but I'm being honest about our experience. I am a native of SoCal. I grew up going to Disneyland, and when I was first in college I worked at Disneyland. Now, the lines are so long that you're lucky to get in more than four or five rides in a day. Taking a four year old on Nemo took 2 hours! Seriously, half our group was waiting, so we know exactly how long it took. Also, the crowds are so thick that you cannot see the  land  as you walk through. Everything looks the same because it's all noisy dense crowds of people. Sure, it was decades ago, but I remember having the distinct feeling of  Oh, we are in Fantasy Land now, and here we are in Jungle Land, etc. But Disneyland has lost its charm or ability to give you that experience of magical environments. This visit was midsummer, so perhaps a rainy day would give a better experience. But over all, Disneyland is just an outrageously expensive buzzkill. BTDT   got the t shirt. Take the family to the beach instead. We did that the following day and everyone had a better time. No waiting in line to play in the sand and waves, and no obstacle to seeing that you are one the edge of the Pacific Ocean.Very disappointing. Line very long. No good food. Prices are outrageous for everything. Not many places to obtain free water. Park rides seems to be done multiple times a day for maintenance. Two hour waits for the most popular rides. Save your money, by a mickey hat at a local discount store and go to your local amusement park. You will have a better time and it will be a much better value.Went with family and had 2 day tickets. Previously been to Tokyo and Eurodisney. Also been to multiple other theme parks including Universal studios Singapore and LA amongst others. This was the worst in terms of crowd control. For the shows, some people of the audience standing in front put their kids on their shoulders blocking the views of others! People were even allowed to save seats before some of the shows began up to a certain time. The way the crowds were let into the cinemas also leave a lot to be desired. In Tokyo, the audience is guided into the cinema and led to the seats row by row, filling up every seat beginning from the middle of the aisle. This didn't happen here and the crowds were left to fill up seats on their own with gaps in between seats.Generally the staff were only average. They handling of a cancelled Jedi training event was poor, handling out FAST passes only to patrons who complained. So tough if you didn't let your feelings be known. Won't visit the park again.Besides the ticket fiasco (two hours to get family into park). The place was a mad house, shoulder to shoulder, pushing, and just uncomfortable. The rides were sub par and disappointing. Will probably never go back. Will go to California Adventures instead.Wellllllll, I visited Disneyland last October and the experience was, shall we say, underwhelming. Plus, Blue Bayou restaurant was solid. Plus, park is clean and employees are mostly friendly. Plus, stayed at hotel across the street, so didn't have to bother parking and waiting in another line. Negatives? Lots. Long, long waits for rides, not wholly unexpected and worst of all, crowding is worse than ever. So, when friends heard my not so great musings on Disneyland, they were bound and determined that I should try it again. Well, it was actually worse. Even MORE crowded, if this was even possible. There still seems to be absolutely no crowd control and fine, I'm used to waits for the rides but, waits to even move in the park? Just shuffle along slowly and push people out of the way? The last time, it was a disappointing  last time  for my mom to see the park but, this time, the kids were tired of it after 5 hours and couldn't wait to get out. We adults decided to deal with it but, the KIDS wanted out! To be clear, we also took them to Knotts Berry Farm and Legoland, which they loved. Though also crowded, the crowd control seemed more organized. I doubt that Disneyland even bothers to close the doors for past capacity crowds. It's all about the $, apparently. I am so glad that I have fond memories of this place from years ago. I certainly don't now. No need to ever go back. On the plus side, my friends insisted that they pay as a  treat . Bless their hearts! They meant well. They also had a rotten time. I thought it was just me, though I kept quiet about it. Wait until January, folks! My friends assured me this is the best time. I have no desire to see if that is true.We have been a few times in the last few years and the magic is gone. Long wait in lines for a small amount of fun.  Food costs are absurd, we won't be going back.The Disneyland personnel are by far inferior to the Disney World personnel.  The park is smaller and many of the attractions were shut down due to them building newer attractions.  That was very disappointing especially when you spend $300 dollars just to enter the park....MoreAs an older person a trip to Disney with grandchildren is just too expensive. I have been attending Disneyland from the time it opened in the 1950s. My daughter could go there frequently at a price I could afford as a single parent. A majority of the attractions is for small children. For teenagers, Knotts Berry Farm is more fun. As an older adult I would sometimes like to go just for the evening light shows. Too expensive.This place may be good if you have young children. Granted, we visited on a busy Sunday afternoon and evening, however the park should be built with crowds in mind. We only visited the Disneyland Park, not the adjoining park...thank goodness for that.For adults I think it is a big disappointment if you are trying to follow your childhood dreams.The place looks dated and old. It was surprisingly small in area. The crowds were crammed in. You had to queue for everything, and I mean everything. Food, rides and toilets meant a queue.The fast pass system was great until staff say that they are not issuing fast passes for  whatever  ride anymore.We managed to use two rides or attractions during our 7.5 hour stay. Temple of Doom and Haunted Mansion.The food was terrible, couldn't even find a hotdog in the USA! Again, more and more queuing.I have never seen so many children crying and upset in one place.The best aspects of the park were the character staff. They did an excellent job. Store staff were not as enthusiastic. So many young people in the park were doing a great job. The saving grace of the experience was the day and night parades. They were brilliant and again, character staff saved the day. The fireworks were excellent as well. At times being obviously  watched  by security staff was off putting.I would not recommend this park for adults, go to the other parks in LA.We had an issue with ticketing that was very well handled by staff, can't fault them on that.It may be worth just going for the parades but don't get your hopes up for the other attractions if it is a busy time.We try to go to disneyland at least once a year if not more. We returned for Christmas and don't plan to go back. The park is overpriced no longer decorated how it was before restrooms are dirty.Paid a pile of money to stand in lines for hours on end. Lines for security, another big line for admission and still not at a ride yet. 2 hours already wasted! Over the years not much has changed here The Star Wars area was interesting but felt hastily put together. Upon trying to get back to the parking garage i was told all the trams are stopped till further notice and then was told to walk a mile if i wanted to get to my car. RIDICULOUS! Especially after walking all day long with small children. Next time anywhere but here!I never thought that one day I would stop loving Disneyland but my last visit was so disappointing that I don't think I will ever go back. Visited on a Monday in mid May hoping to avoid the weekend and summer crowd. Bought a one day park hopper ticket $160. From the parking lot through the entrance it took one hour to get in. Waited in line for security, waited in line for ticket, waited in line to get through the gate. 10 11 am. Then waited in line 15 min for restroom. There was such a crowd that you could not drop a needle. Average wait for entry to a ride was 45 min. Some rides were giving out fast passes at 11 am, to return at 9 pm! Children were crying and upset with exhausted parents trying to cut through the crowd. Scooters, strollers, wheelchairs were blocking foot traffic there was so many of them, 20 min wait for an ice cream, long lines in front of restaurants, Blue Bayou restaurant was reserved 3 days ahead! You won't be able to eat there unless you make reservation many days prior to your arrival. I used to have a yearly pass 10 15 years ago, Disneyland was nothing like this. Disneyland has much to offer but the crowds are unbearable, frustration are on the face on most people. Disneyland is becoming a nightmare. I would rather spend my day anywhere else.We've been long time Premium Pass holders, spending 18 of our last 20 New Years (& 1 2 extra trips every year) at The Happiest Place On Earth, & decided to combine a last minute trip to Disneyland with a business trip before our passes expire, as we may not renew them due to the price increase. We went in & were shocked to discover the crowds due to ALL the ride, show & attraction closures in preparation for Star Wars Land. It was even more crowded than New Years Eve! I still love Disneyland, but we are probably going to forgoe our annual Family New Years tradition and wait until Star Wars Land opens for the next trip! I feel sad for any first time visitor because this is not the happy place I so dearly love! See photos that were taken at 4:30ish, Saturday 5 21 16 from the bridge in front of the Pirates of the Caribbean, which is also out of commission as a walk way.Not as entertaining as I thought it would be for my boys. They actually loved California Adventure though!I've always been a fan of Disneyland, having visited the California park twice as a child and the Orlando resort twice in the last 5 years so during a recent trip to Anaheim I couldn't wait to re visit the original park. Sadly I was disappointed; Disney California lacks the Disney magic and doesn't have the same vibe. The park felt claustrophobic and vastly over crowded due to the sheer number of people that were pouring through the gates all day long. It was difficult to walk from one area to the next as thousands of people swarmed around. After 5 hrs we only managed to go on 3 rides owing to the 1.5 hr long queues, there was a 30 minute queue for ice cream, a 30 minute queue for coffee and a 15 minute queue to use the filthy restrooms. This is far from Walt Disney's vision.The Good: it's the happiest place on earth, or it is usually. The Bad, with Star Wars going in, Tomorrowland is closed, and there is so much construction going on even in other areas. Maybe it was the week I was there, but so many things were not open, or working properly. When I went to complain at Town Hall, the guy was really nice, but just gave me 3 fast passes. With 3 of us having annual passes and 2 of us having just paid for 3 day hoppers, they should have done more. BTW, that was 3 fast passes just for one person......me, which just ain't right. I am a SoCal resident, during my last trip to Disney, I wondered for the first time, if greed is overshadowing the magical kingdom and moreover the vision that Walt Disney had laid forward. With increase in price, you would expect the value to go up in regards to one's experience, but not in Disney. Seems like their objective is to let way too many people in the park that you would be lucky, if you could even experience 4 or 5 rides. Well well no one ever forced me to go there, its just that our POP culture has made this entity so powerful that it can just about get away with too many things. Walt Disney may be shedding tears from his magical kingdom up there.Disney has fallen from its once lofty position as a premium amusement park. During our visit in early May, 2016, many of the attractions rides were closed for refurbishing or updating. I understand these things need maintenance and a fresh coat of paint from time to time, but in consideration of so many attractions rides being shut down, Disney should have knocked a considerable amount off their admission price. There was no discount given for entering a park with many attractions rides unavailable. I would expect that attitude from a 3rd rate park, but Disney used to have a reputation for being family friendly.The park has an odor problem as well. Almost everyplace we stopped to rest had a distinct sewage odor to it. That really takes the magic out of the Magic Kingdom.I purchased what was allegedly coffee from a cart near the castle. It was horrible to put it mildly. I threw it away because it was undrinkable. It cost $3.99. I know, I should have returned it for a refund, but I was concerned about what I might say to the young lady about the quality of the sewage she was selling as coffee.The lust for our money is more evident at Disney than it has ever been. Sad to say, this place is showing its age and is pricing itself into obscurity. There are better places to drop $100 per head. We won't be back. I don't think Walt would approve of how his once landmark park is being run....down.Closed:Pirates, Mr Lincoln, Safari boat ride and Indiana jones.Went to the town hall to complain had to wait in line....they then told me to fill out online.Paid 2 adults 1 child almost $400. To watch obese Americans eat cakes, ice cream, etc.According to my child it was a great day. Disneyland was disgusting when we were there two weeks ago Wednesday!!! They must be cutting back on help. It just isn't the same anymore. It wasn't even crowded, but my husband and I started to walk into two different restrooms and couldn't use them, we walked right out because they were so filthy!!!We rented a locker and it was filthy too!!! Also, the last 3 visits there, the ponds were so full of algae, they smelled and there were very few ducks!!! I don't blame the ducks, they didn't like that mucky water either!!! We were sitting and eating and got whiffs of the stench. It was a real turn off. They are letting things go. It is so expensive there and they have raised the price of parking, admission, the food and then so many attractions are closed!!! What a rip off!!! We aren't renewing our pass.Walt Disney would be furious!!!On April 25th 28th 2016, my wife and I spent three days visiting the Disney Parks at Anaheim California. This was our first visit to Disneyland, we have visited the Orlando Disney Parks in three occasions.Most of our time was spent at Disneyland. We selected the time of our visit (after Easter and before Summer) on the assumption that it would be less crowded. Well, we could not have been more wrong. The crowds were enormous, and the lines and waiting times were very long, usually around 30 45 minutes. In many cases it was nearly impossible to move around the parks without bumping into people or nearly hitting some baby stroller.We used the fast passes whenever possible, but for some attractions, we had to wait in line for at least 30 minutes or more. Adding to our frustrations was that in several instances, after standing in line for 30 minutes or so, the attraction or ride suffered some sort of mechanical problem. This was exactly what happened to us on the Peter Pan ride. When we almost reached the end of the line, there was some sort of mechanical problem, and no one could tell us whether the ride could go back in operation. Because, of this, and because there was no easy exit from the line, we had to jump over barriers and ropes. This was difficult considering our ages.That sort of annoyance also happened at the Winnie the Pooh ride. A similar, and even more frustrating situation happened to us with the  Rollicking Roadsters  at the California Adventures Park. It took us three attempts to finally get on this ride which broke down twice.The Anaheim parks seem to be smaller than the Orlando ones, this perhaps adds to the crowded conditions we encountered. Also, Disneyland does not offer Meal Plans or on  line fast passes. I must also add that in all our visits to Orlando Parks we never encountered so many rides and attractions out of service or breaking down.Our recommendation is that if you want to enjoy the  Disney Magic , you should go to Orlando and during off season times. The parks are larger, they seem to be less crowded, and there are better services, more attractions, more conveniences, and lodgings options..We did little in terms of shopping at the parks or at Downtown Disney, but we were shocked by the high prices of food, drinks, souvenirs, etc. Perhaps there was a time when Disneyland was the  Happiest Place on Earth , but that seems to be long in the past.Not recommended. Go to Universal Studios. The park is small and crowded no matter when you go. I went on a Tuesday in low season and it was still crowded, you have to make a line even to go to the restrooms. Way smaller than the ones in Orlando. The park is made more for locals than tourists, when in Florida is the other way around.Don  t waste your time.We have been to Disneyland 8 or more times the past 15 years and this last trip left us with no desire to return. Over 1 2 of the rides were either 'closed for refurbishing', shut down or broken. The wait times for the open rides were extremely long (even with a fast pass). Over three days we were only able to ride 9 rides due to the above mentioned conditions. Many of the operational rides appeared to be in poor condition as well; dirty, chipped paint and cracked plastic.Although we encountered some friendly cast members, many of the staff members were abrasive and it was hard to find the 'good customer service' we have become accustomed to while visiting this park. The stench (? raw sewage) coming from the castle area was overwhelming for all three days of our visit. Every morning we stood in line waiting to get into the park with smiles on our faces in anticipation of reliving past fabulous experiences in Disneyland. Our family certainly noticed the decline of Disneyland as an Adventure Park and we were very disappointed that this has happened. We have decided to spend our vacation dollars in a different place.We have been here on several occasions now and I have to say we were very disappointed on our last trip. Our 8yr son got crushed by the large volume of people trying to race through a small gate to get the best views of fantasmic. We brought some ice cream from the shop in main street and the staff were really rude to us. We also noticed on our last trip that it was more dirtier around the park than on previous visits from rubbish on the ground to the toilets not being maintained. We were very sad to see so much change with only a year between our visits and for our son to not want to back there, it is supposed to be the  happiest place on earth  well our son doesn't want to go back there.Last visited this Disneyland 10 years ago and have great memories, wish I'd left it at that. We were travelling around California and decided to have a day at Disney whilst we were here, the park was as clean and well organised as ever and the staff very helpful and pleasant. Many of the rides were closed, maybe it was the wrong time of year ( April), I don't know, but this was disappointing. Of the rides that were left open, 2 of the main ones that we wanted to do Splash mountain and the Indiana Jones adventure kept breaking down and ended up being closed. Over all this left us feeling that it wasn't worth the effort or expense of visiting Disney at Anaheim.Disney allows TOO many people into the park. They clearly don't care about making the experience pleasant to the guest. They only care about money.I don't understand why they allow California residents to pay few dollars for an annual pass and flood the park at the expense if guests that pay full price. Clearly the California residents do not spend money at the park, they bring food and drinks from home and are significantly less profitable to Disney than out of state guests, yet allowing then to flood the park at the expense of other guests convenience naked no sense.In addition, given how expensive it is, Disney should do better job maintaining their equipment. Nearly one in every 3 rides wad either broken or broke while we were in line.Overall, our experience was not pleasant at all. We now refer to Disneyland as  The most miserable place in the world .We are done with Disney. Our vacation dollars will go much further somewhere else, where you don't have to spend 75% of your vacation time standing in line with sweaty people or spend 15 minutes in line to purchase a bottle of water for $4. Enough is enough.Considering the amount you pay, you spend most of the day in a line. On the day we went there were 12 rides not working and twice the rides stopped when we were in the line. I had a great southern stew at the French cafe in New Orlean sq but it is an expensive day. Also the fastpass system only allows one ride at a time so you are stuck in an area. The Disneyworld system is better for getting the most for your moneyWe visited the park on April 23 which is supposed to be a moderate weekend for crowds. We arrived at 8 am, fortunately, which allowed us to ride about six rides by 10 am. After that, it was so crowded we could barely move. We held our six year old granddaughter's hand the entire time so she would not get lost or trampled by the crowds. Many lines past noon had 90 minute waits. We planned our day carefully and used the Fast Pass options which helped, but it was less than the Happiest Place on Earth for us. We saw a few characters during the day...Pluto, Mary Poppins and Bert...where were the rest? We logged our walking during the day and walked 10.7 miles by 5 pm, when we were too exhausted to walk any further. Fortunately our six year old was a trooper and enjoyed her day. We couldn't bear the thought of the crowds for the evening events and went back to our hotel to swim in the relaxing pool...I love Disneyland, but my last experience with my twin, 8 year old nieces was not good. There were way too many people in the park and the lines were too long. We paid over $500 and only got on 3 rides during the entire day. They need to find a solution to this problem during the busy months, Outrageously expensive and outrageously crowded. My teen enjoyed his final trip to Disneyland. The characters are fun, the few activities available that are not rides were fun, but the crowd and the prices are punishing. Maybe I'm just not a Disney sort of person, but you would think at some point the experience of not even being able to walk through a crowd would be a concern for safety, if nothing else.I have five members to my family and paying for D land is like having to leave them my first born. Way to expensive for us all to go. However, it was my son's B.day and he has never been to this theme park, so he and my husband went for a day of fun. They had an ok time, and would have had a better one if stuff was actually operational. My beef is with their greediness. ALOT of their rides were closed and yet they still charged full price for entry. Hmmmm how is it that we have to pay the same as someone who previously got to go on these rides but they are not made available to us for the same cost? The least they could have done is offer a two for one park pass at the cost of one park at least until all their stuff is operational again. It's too much $$$ for what you get now. Walt would not be so greedy.....I think I'll stick to Knott's Berry Farm. Good prices and they have rides you can actually go on.I hadn't been to the original Disneyland in 30 years and it was the first time I had taken our children there. We had been to EuroDisney a few years which we was not nearly as crowded. My son just wanted to go on the rides, but with lines up to 90 minutes, it's not a great experience for a 9 year old boy. As a foreigner I was surprised how 99% of the people in the park were white.Hi, coming from NZ we didn't know what to expect, but whilst Disneyland was pretty, vibrant and busy. It didn't hold much attraction to anyone that didn't have a 3 to 8year old on their group. The rides, attractions , food , drink and shopping were definitely aimed at a younger market than our teenager. This could probably be emphasized by the management through some advertising. It was definitely in contrast to the older focus of Disney California Adventure just across from Disneyland which was much more suitable for us.So we were celebrating my sons 5th birthday it was his first trip to Disney and I have to say it was very disappointing. I am a 90's kid that grew up going to Disney world so it was my first trip to Disney land. There were no character we spend the day at the park and only got 2 autographs and that was after waiting over an hour to meet Mickey. We never seen Minnie Mouse, Donald, daisy or even Pluto. We did see goofy and got an autograph but when we seen chip and dale as we got to lineup we were told that they were leaving. This continues to happen all day. Wel left the park with only 2 sad signatures. I think the characters need to be more available to the travelers if they need to walk away and switch the person inside the suit to make people happy then they should or I am sure there is more than one goofy suit that one can go in back and another comes back out with in 5 min a kid would think oh he just went to change clothes because he was hot or dirty . All the time we were told no for an autograph really made me say I will not return to this park and would rather save for the longer trip to Florida for a GREAT experience. Our family had meme we travel from Chicago and Arizona for this trip and it was not a great experience. :(Too crowded. Just getting around the park was difficult. Popular rides were booked out by 1 2pm and all other rides had huge queues. Couldn't find many characters either.  Very expensive day and so sad to say....not enjoyable.Went to California for a much needed vacation and a birthday treat for my teenage son. I have been to both Disneyland and world several times so I feel I can review with accuracy. Each time I go prices up up and the service goes down. This time employees were rude especially staff at It's a Small World, bathrooms dirty out of toilet paper and towels, stores had shirts displayed but none available and my favorite a group smoking marijuana in the park smoking section. I actually told an employee about it and he said they were aware. I waited to see what happened NOTHING!! Lots of intoxicated guests as well from wine fest. Three different rides broke down while I wasn't in line and they cleared out the lines. The topper was the fireworks being cancelled on the only night I could see them. Not the family experience I remember just a couple of years ago there. Long lines as always and fast passes gone for day buy 11 is always a great plus. Overall I have to say the Disney name no longer the quality I expected. This maybe my last visit. Two days almost two thousand dollars and got on 16 rides. I was there both days for almost the whole day.Fancy a visit to a theme park where you have to queue almost an hour for every ride? How about walking while saying  excuse me  every 2 min? That was our experience at Disneyland on a weekday in Spring which was not a school holiday. How crowded can it get during its peak season then?? The park is not big, if you take a walk around to just have a look it'll just take you an hour to see everything in the crowd. We only got to go on 4 rides as each time there was a queue of 45min. The other popular rides such as Its A Small World? Forget it! 75min! A photo with Mickey? 60min wait. It's just impossible to queue that long without small children getting impatient. We didn't enjoy our visit due to the crowd but I think for little children it was still magical to see Mickey or a princess walking around. Despite all the hype, Disneyland Park was hardly the magical place we were led to believe. We spent most of the day waiting in lines, and managed to get on only 7 rides over the course of 10 hours. Most of the rides were fairly disappointing, tending to be more jerky than thrilling. Space Mountain and Indiana Jones were two of the better ones, although neither was as much fun as an average roller coaster at most amusement parks. We visited Disney on a weekday, thinking the park would be less crowded, but the lines were regularly an hour or more long. The rides are not very reliable either, as both Space Mountain and Indiana Jones were unexpectedly shut down WHILE we were waiting in line. We left the line to ask for a FastPass to come back later, but the Disney staff would not issue these when the ride was down, saying this was the  policy . They told us we could either remain in line indefinitely, or return later and start at the back of the line again. We decided on the latter as no one could tell us when these rides would be operational again. In total, we waited over THREE hours in line just for those two rides. Unlike Universal Studios, which has a  Front of the Line  pass that you can purchase in advance and use on every ride, Disney has a  FastPass  system which is an absolute joke. These FastPasses are issued for one ride at a time, are not issued in a central location so you have to go to each ride to get one, cannot be acquired quickly (limits are roughly one per hour), and are issued for a ride several hours later in the day. We had two that were issued for after 10pm. I'm not sure which families are staying that late at an amusement park, but it certainly is not us. But hey, at least the FastPasses are free!The staff we encountered during our visit were not very friendly and only occasionally helpful. The food at the park was quite poor...no better than a school cafeteria, and worse than most fast food. Needless to say, we will not be returning to Disneyland Park anytime soon. If you're a family, save the money and go to the beach instead.Our family visited Disneyland on 3 29. We purchased 2 day passes but decided not to return the second day. It was extremely crowded. Even with fast passes the waits were long. In 6 1 2 hours we were able to ride 4 rides. Would it kill Disney to provide some sort of entertainment while you are waiting in long lines? Maybe have some cast members visit with the children while they are in line? We saw lots of stressed out parents and children during our visit. Is Disneyland really the happiest place on earth?The wow factor is definitely there, but not in the positive way you would expect.....just needs some new leadership or something....kind of a mess. Like another reviewer said, I experienced the same disappointing results....long lines, multiple and constant breakdowns...seems like every time we turned around we saw a sign showing a ride was down....a couple times when we came with our Fastpasses, garbage, ripped fabric on canopies, dirty, unpainted, just appeared the  shine  was gone that i remember when I have been there as both a kid and a few years ago as an adult. Very discouraging, that we parked in what they call  overflow parking  in Simba parking lot and apparently our $18 to park doesn't entitle you to a shuttle to take you back to your car, so we had to walk all the way back through downtown Disney and another 15 min with tired kids at the end of the night. We could have taken the monorail from Tomorrowland to Hotel Disney, which is close to the parking lot, but.....you guessed it, it was shut down due to technical difficulties. Multiple attractions shut down due to construction, including all island and river boats, jungle cruise, the train...no shows or programs to speak of...it was a week night evening...but it was Spring break and the crowds were intense...so, really? no shows in the large Fantasyland theater? The fireworks were cancelled due to wind...What? there was no wind that night? but I talked to other guests who said they had not had them for 3 nights. Don't go over Spring Break.....I can attest to that...although maybe if a few more people experience what we did, there wont be the crowds there in the future....but I'm not sure I want to experience what we did again....Did I mention it cost over 700 to take my wife, me and 4 of our kids to Disneyland for 1 day? So, they haven't adjusted the prices downward, that's for sure....and did I mention they seem to have a significant number of places and shops you can spend money...they definitely haven't spared any expense in the proliferation of this aspect of the park. We were excited to see what they had done for Star Wars and the new movie premier. Man, it just wasn't what I expected...it seemed like they just patched a bunch of stuff onto existing rides to claim that things had been updated, but it was pretty much just the same old worn out rides, with a couple of added voiceovers, a new video clip added in somewhere. Captain EO is gone....that is good, it had overstayed its welcome when we came there before, but in its place is a movie called pathway to the force or something lame like that....just a bunch of clips strung together from the various Starwars movies, with a few red and blue light strobes accenting the action at various points? Really, Disney? What happened to you. Even the guy standing at the microphone was tired and un inspiring. He tried to tell a joke, nobody laughed and he said,  Well, I guess we just should start the movie....The theater was only about 1 4 full even though the park was full.So, it was a disappointment tonight for us this week. It lost the luster and really struck me as another one of the amusement parks we attend periodically, tending to become tired and overused as the owners get lazy in their efforts to keep rides relevant and lack the leadership to inspire that attention to detail, which in the past has always been Disney's Forte.I went to the park on a tuesday but it was a peak time. The park was so crowded you could not go anywhere without being pushed and shoved. The shops were so packed I could not see the merchandise. The lines were intense. I don't know if it is ever better, but when the cost to get in is over $100 per person I'm not going to try again.they let way to many people into the park at once. 90 min. wait on almost all rides even with the fast pass! it is a rip off to pay all that money and only get to ride 2 or 3 rides in a 9 hour day and walking over 5 miles to get to them only to learn you cant ride. long lines for EVERYTHING. tickets should be sold like a concert, so many on a certain date so everyone can enjoy the attractions! I will never return or visit any other Disney parks because of it.Expensive (recently increased prices again!), overcrowded (to the point of being dangerous if there were an emergency) & staff that mostly just didn't look like they wanted to get there   this was the worst experience of Disney I've had.Being a regular of Disney World in Florida I recognise that I've gotten used to the experience there &a comparing the two is just like comparing chalk with cheese. Despite this, I've been to Disneyland several times & whilst never overawed this trip just failed miserably.The only reason I gave it two stars rather than one was for the quality of the firework display   very good   just not good enough to convince me to return with the family anytime soon. Shame on you Disney for not caring enough   so evident throughout the day.It's Official..Disney is all about the money...as a second time season pass holder my family has experienced nothing but overwhelming overcrowding and wait times (yes..fast pass is useless also).  I and others that go to the park all say it's unsafe.  Reconsidering bringing Grandchildren to park.Most of the rides at the park were closed and or under construction.  My granddaughter did not enjoy this trip to Disneyland.I just don't get the draw to Disneyland. My husband and I took our 7 year old for Spring Break. (Huge mistake, I know.) I wish I could say that it was a magical five days for us, but I just can't. Some parts of it were, but there are some huge issues that the Disney Corporation should really be forced to address. First, the entry. One morning, we got there at 8 and we're stuck in lines, waiting to get in, until 9. We wasted an our just trying to get into the park. Wr learned our lesson and slept in for the rest of our trip. All of the lines were so incredibly long, and it could have been solved by simply opening more entry stations. It's almost as if they want people to be miserably waiting in line because after you gain entry, that's pretty much all you do. Lines for rides were AT LEAST 30 minutes long. The majority are much longer. Second, the amount of strollers being pushed through the park is INSANE. I don't know how many times I was tripped and run into. It was horrifying. It's only compounded by the number of people inside the park. It's absolute mayhem. The whole experience feels like Disney was sucking money and life out of us. I can't get the time I wasted, standing in line for EVERYTHING, back. I feel foolish for allowing it. There are so many other ways to spend my time and money, instead of on the overpriced tickets, crappy food and gift shop junk from China, inside the park. This really could and should be a magical place for families, but it's not. It's shameful. Boooooo, Disney. Booooo!Paid a tidy sum for one day park hopper tickets. So glad that was all the money I wasted.How can it be claimed that this is the happiest place on earth?From the minute you enter the park   staff who search your bags. Well, they open them, cast a cursory glance inside and then wave you through. Do they have a clue what they're looking for or, like other Disney cast members, are they just playing the part?Wait to get in. Wait to get out. Waiting times well in excess of an hour for most of the rides. Fast pass tickets exhausted for most rides. Broken down rides. Rip off food and drink prices. Screaming, fractious kids   who are NOT having a happy time. Parents who haven't a clue how to control them. Disney staff who herd the crowds like animals. Actually, many behave worse than animals and I lost count how many times I ripped into cheats who jumped the lines. Yep, spend sixteen hours in Disneyland and for your efforts get to experience half a dozen or so rides and a couple of stage shows. Come out feeling seriously swindled of your money, stiff and sore from standing in lines and with the mother of all headaches from the never ending noise.Do yourselves a favour. Experience Disney in Florida where the parks are bigger and better equipped to deal with the massive number of visitors. For health and safety reasons alone, there should be a maximum limit on the number of guests admitted to the parks. Never again.We went to Disneyland for my daughters birthday. We went on a Tuesday and it was extremely packed but the worst part was that it seemed things kept shutting down. We stood in line for Thunder Mountain and after 30 minutes in line we were notified it was shut down so we walked to Splash Mountain which was also shut down and they didn't know when it would be up and running again. Through out the long day we only got to ride 4 rides. I was so disappointed and so was my daughter. With the prices being what they are for a ticket, it was not worth it. The fun went away when Walt Disney went away.   Everything is too expensive and there are too many people.I worked in South Florida for eight years and the work required me to visit Disney and other theme parks in Orlando on several occasions...so I knew they weren't my cup of tea! We took our grandchildren to LA last week and felt obliged to shell out $400 for Disney Park tickets. What a shambles. The park is clean, the personnel are professional and pleasant and the rides work if you can get on them...but you can't. Standing in giant line ups we were surrounded by piped music, exposed to broiling sun and the less than charming aroma of fast food.I accept that millions of people seem to enjoy this although I am at a loss to understand why, so I will buy shares in Disney but I will never go back!The sea of people at Disneyland is SO CRAZY !! OMG !! They let way to many inside the park. We had a good time and made the best of it. Went on a few rides, most rides had a 1 2 hour wait but some had 15 30 min wait. You can still have fun, but at times it's just WAY TO MANY PEOPLE !! It's like being in a mosh pit at a concert. ! I love Disyland but !!!!!!!!!! Let me start off by saying I was in Cali with my family visiting so disney was not the destination but we decided to take the kids. We went on Monday 3 7 during the afternoon. It was not crowded we actually got to go on every ride that was...open!There are alot of rides closed that they do not tell you about on the website and dont bother calling either because you wont find out that way. We did however enjoy the rides we got to go on. The peter pan ride was the highlight of my visit its worth the line wait. The food and drink price are what you expect of an amusement park so it didnt seem over the top expensive to me just what I would expect being at an amusement park. The workers seemed nice I really didnt interact with them that much except to ask where certain rides were and they were helpful. It did start to get crowded around 7pm and im guessing because the locals got out of work school. The one thing that made me hate disneyLAND was the paint the night parade. Not the parade itself that was simply phenomenal but how they allow the crowds to gather towards the end and follow mickey, let me tell you that you CANNOT walk through the crowd to leave the park. Some idiot actually tried to trample my stroller because we were trying to leave and were walking in the opposite direction. It was so unsafe it was scary I had to bring out the  New York  in me and push him then yell for everyone to get the F out of the way so me and my kids can get through. It put a bad taste in my mouth for the end of the night and my 5 year old was scared. Disneyland is smaller than disneyworld I mean really there is no comparison. It shouldnt even be called disney because you dont get that  magical  feeling that you get at disneyworld. Im glad this destination was just a stop and not the reason we came out there or I would be ever so pissed.Fast passes help, but walking back and forth across the park only to find that Splash Mtn closed once again temporarily just after it reopened, but no thanks. Disneyland is amazing, but it is a lot of work for the few rides attractions that we did. Recommend using the app, which we did, that way you can plan better.It was Disneyland. You expect certain things. We had breakdowns on almost every ride. C'mon Disney. Been going there since the 60's, never been more disappointed!FIX THE RIDES! With as much money as they make you would think they would take better care of their park! We visited here in February 2016 on a day when the locals should be in school ! What a joke ! There were so many children here on the Tuesday we went, it was inbelievable. The queues for the characters was ridiculous and very badly organised. We queued on a very hot day outside for well over an hour just to get a photo with Minnie ! Several rides were closed. In Florida Disney Park, they have covered or sheltered walk ways for queues   this place has NOTHING. You have to stand in the sweltering heat. The evening was a nightmare, when the locals, who buy cheap 'yearly' tickets for this place bombard it. The place gets dangerously crowded and we simply could not move when the electric light parade and fireworks were on. I was travelling with a disabled person with a wheelchair, and the evening was really frightening trying to get through the crowds. The staff are not very helpful   even at one time being told to take the wheelchair to an enclosure, just to be told by another to leave !! There is NO CROWD control at all. They let in far too many people. This place should be about FUN. They make it about MONEY. I would definitely NOT recommend this park   go to Hollywood Universal Studios instead.Visited February 2016Our 3rd time and it was one of the worst. We will go to Disney World in FL only from now on.There were not enough people around to help assist in directions or keeping lines defined and moving. Lines were spilling out into the the walk paths and people were complaining that they were there all day, left and came back and had only been on 2 rides. Getting fast passes was a real inconvenience. We spent our time in line coming up with ideas on how to fix what we did not like about the whole process. I think there should be some undercover boss's going through the park with their families and friends for a week to get an idea of how the park is really working. There were groups of kids and people on tours and although they tried to stay to the side and out of the way it was really impossible. We were very disappointed because the park felt chaotic and the few employees we did see were overwhelmed and we felt bad for them. They stayed happy and helpful but you could see it was a really intense day for them. The prices are way to high for the experience and that was disappointing as well. For the price of admission the rides were okay and even though we expected the food and merchandise to be expensive it was ridiculously so and the quality not always the best. We feel that Walt would not be happy that his dream is no longer as it was intended. We did not feel like guests but more like a heard of suckers. The best part was watching the people dressed up that were not part of Disney. And they say Portland is Weird.My son and I have wanted to go for so long to Disney land. Who new the expensive prices also came with REDUCED HOURS in February 10 to 8 normal is till 12. The fire works were canceled every night we were their along with the world of colour at the other park. Many of the rides were closed including the who area of Tom Sawyer which was one of the ones we had waited to go see!! 25 % to 50% of the rides or areas were closed in each area!! NO REDUCED PRICE!! Wrote to Disney and no reply back to explain. If you are a Canadian the cost is very expensive. It would have been acceptable if the sites I looked which were many let you know about not going in February as substantial reduced times and no reduced cost!! Takes the fun out of this magical place. They must be desperate for money!! It was my first time in disney land with my daughter, wife and my mom, we spend 600 $ and this is our experience:WORST, HORRIBLE DAY in our life, maybe this place was cool 60 years ago but now it looks very poor, everything so expensive, staff rude, rides always breaking down, huge queues, I cant even describe how bad and poor was this park in Los Angeles, We will not go there again even if they will pay for our plane tickets from Australia.I dreamed to go to disneyland, now I hate disneyland. WORST PARK IN THE WORLD.NOT WORTH MONEY OR TIME. Really do not recommended.I've been coming to disney land every 2 years since i was 7 years old and each time I've noticed the security isn't very determined to keep the park safe. You pass the part were they check your bags then you have the choice to go straight or through security and each time they stopped us and make all of us go through even the kids and at first i use to think okay i get that they want to make sure no one gets through hiding any weapons i really like that they have security reach until i noticed they mostly only stop dark skinned people letting the light skinned just walk on by and i thought maybe it's because they didn't see them until i seen the security look directly at them then look at us and come walking toward us. If you've noticed this happened one too many times please comment and write more reviews we are very hurt and don't think anyone else should feel this way. None of us should be treated any different because of our race. We are equal and we shouldn't be treated any different from others.If you are thinking of going here or to the park in Florida, here's a head's up. GO TO FLORIDA instead. Disneyland in California has been ruined by horrible overcrowding due the overselling of their annual passes. This place is no longer for tourists who might want to enjoy the old Disney magic once or twice a year. It's for the pass holders who want go to the park once or twice a week all year long. About 20 or 30 million people live within a two hour drive of this park and a large percentage of them have season passes. You would think that with all the recreational and entertainment options in Southern California these people would have something better to do than go to Disney once a week to stand in hour long lines to go on the same ride for the 1,000th time. You would be wrong.You used to be able to go this place during the week on a school day and it wouldn't be horribly overcrowded. Not anymore. Here's a rundown of the wait times I encountered today on a Tuesday in February (school day) after I was suckered into buying a three day ticket recently with the SoCal discount. Arrived at the entrance gate 75 minutes before the so called  magic hour  as recommended on their website (hotel guests and 3 day or more ticket holders get in an hour before regular opening time on certain days.) At 7:45 AM the line for every single entrance gate is already 200 plus people long. Takes 25 minutes just to get in the front gate with pre printed tickets. So 10 minutes of the not so magic hour already gone.Go to recently renamed Hyper Space Mountain (basically same ride with a few new sound effects) and the line was already 15 minutes. Note that this is still 45 minutes before the park officially opens for the day. Turns out that would be as good as it gets all day. The next ride is Star Tours, line is already 30 minutes. Keep in mind this is still 30 minutes before the park even officially opens. So 2 rides and the  magic hour  is gone. Now it's 9:10 and I immediately fast pass Space Mountain since I'm right next to it and the fast pass system opened 10 minutes ago. Reserved ride time is 11:50 AM. It's already a three hour wait for fastpass and the park officially opened ten minutes ago. I weep for the suckers who bought a one day ticket for 100 bucks and are still waiting in the line to get in at what they thought was the park opening.Next up, Matterhorn Bobsled ride at 9:15 AM. Wait time 40 minutes. It's now 10. Next ride, Indiana Jones. 45 minute wait time. It's now 11. Get lunch at Pizza port for me and my wife for 30 bucks and walk around the new Space Port exhibit to kill time for my fast pass return at Space Mountain. Hmm, you can buy a Darth Vader costume for 4 grand or a storm trooper outfit for 2 grand. No, I'm not kidding. Not surprisingly 3 cashiers sit around looking bored as nobody is buying their overpriced junk. After having a few laughs at how ridiculous Disney has become I go back for my one fast pass ride. I'm done for the day at noon. By 11 AM Disneyland was so horribly overcrowded it was like a zombie horror film with the undead wandering the narrow paths menacingly. Strollers shoved into wheelchairs who knocked over old people on walkers, who were then trampled by the stampeding hoards wearing mouse ears. Every once in a while a speeding scooter would flatten out the fallen. I can still remember a day about 7 years ago when I went here midweek in September after Labor Day and every ride had no longer than a ten minute wait. Thanks to corporate greed and the annual pass system those days are long, long gone. Do yourself a favor and stay away until the annual passes are discontinued. The people who pay 100 dollars for a day ticket here are literally being robbed blind and getting very little value in return.One of the most boring experiences of my long life. This park is a shoppers dream but, lacks any substance. Both Disneyland and California Adventure Park are so full of touristy shops selling t shirts that they almost forgot to include any attractions. Some of the lines for rides were hours long. Certainly not this girl's cup of tea.Our family travels to Disneyworld in Florida 3 times a year for a week each trip. We love it and in WDW everything runs smoothly, even when lines do hit peak times. We were in LA this January for business reasons and went to Disneyland with my youngest (11) just because a. it is Disney, b. it is an amusement park and c. we were in the area. Well, let's say it is an under amusement park, the rides are almost the same as the ones we love in Florida but with crappy surroundings, cranky and poorly dressed (time to buy new uniforms!) cast members, no music, no festive atmosphere. It barely feels Disney, and it does not begin to feel  magical . As my daughter put it, she wanted to leave after 2 hours in the park (and the day we visited the lines were ok):  this is like what would look like if you were having a very bad dream about Magic Kingdom . I don't get how so many people still love Disneyland, I honestly feel bad about them since they are obviously deprived of fun choices or seeing the place clouded in their memories of the past or obviously we don't get it and they do. But for us to even begin to enjoy this place, they would have to make a major clean sweep in this park (trash sits everywhere), hire and train happy people, give them a nice, new looking uniform, put music and events in the park, fix the potholes, clean up their act with fast passes, buy new umbrellas and park fixtures, train the personnel at Town Hall, open new table service restaurants, add a Main Street  smell , and so on. No wonder the two parks are managed by totally separated companies   who ever Disney hires to maintain and manage this park should be let go, and bring in the big guns from Florida.The Indiana Jones ride broke down, right as we were going down a fast, incline. As the car jerked to a stop, my lap restraint tightened up and left no slack on my lower abdomen. It was extremely tight and cutting into me. We waved at the cameras for help and even yelled for help. No one came. We were stopped for about 10 minutes and no one came. When the car finally started, I had to ride the ride out in absolute pain. When we finally got close to the exit and in sight of the ride operator, Tara, we yelled for help. She rudely told me that I would have to wait, turned around, and walked away. When I started to yell for help even louder she looked at me laughing. I was crying at this point and traumatized. She never asked me if I was OK. She never said sorry. I was upset and a supervisor Kevin came. He was not very sympathetic, nor did he ever ask if I was OK. He said that this experience would  make for a good talking point at their next meeting.  I was so angry I walked all the way to City Hall guest relations to file a formal complaint. Grace did her job by offering me tissue, water, and a FastPass good for any ride, anytime for our party. Not sure what is going to happen to Tara or the person who was supposed to be responsible for watching the cameras, but I would like to know that the consequence was going to be more than a  good talking point  at their next meeting. What a disgrace to the Disney name! Bought entry and parking online before we went. Thought & read it is easier & cheaper  WRONG! Could it find the parking, many others had to take a U turn to find it too. Not labeled well at all! Finally found something and parked. Disneyland was great, 1st time for the kids, came out to pay for parking & we were in the wrong lot for the pass we had, had to pay again! Ugh! They need much better signage for just getting there once on Disney property!Saying  I hate Disneyland  feels like an evil that should not be spoken aloud. But here it is. We visited during the week, in February, because we read that the crowds are smallest at this time. While this may be true, the place is still the busiest place I've ever been, except for India. No, seriously, By the weekend, there was a soul destroying lineup to simply get through security, just so that you could get into the life sucking lineup to actually get into the park so that you could cram yourself through the mortifying crowds to line up for EVERY SINGLE thing. Kids were crying, melting down everywhere, parents were trying to pretend they were happy that they spent $100 each to do this, and on that last morning, I felt only dread and actual horror at the prospect of going in. Thank god for California Adventure Park, shining like an oasis on the opposite side. Once through the security line, we surveyed the gross, gross line to Disneyyland and our 6 and 8 year olds both said  I'm not goin' in THAT! , so we headed across the way to California Adventure, with no line to get in whatsoever. While the attractions are pretty amazing, both parks have the same thing going on to control the crowds outside each one   wrap the line, accordion style, in and out of walls that will both hide the hideous lineup from view, and keep it tightly controlled so as not to block the walkways though Disneyland. I understand this, but thought it was also pretty deceptive, because honestly, one look at the ACTUAL lineup for those attractions in its full glory would make you turn and run for the hills! While I appreciate the quality of the attractions, I just am not happy to wait minimum 20 minutes for each one. The most popular can be 90 minutes plus waiting time. California Adventure was better on this front as we seemed to breeze in and out of most things, but I truly think that was blind luck, right time, right place. By breeze in and out, I mean  wait only 5 15 minutes per attraction , btw. People rave about Fast Passes, but for the 5 or 6 attractions that actually give them in each park, letting you rapidly enter between appointed times, you can only hold a couple at once, so you certainly can't rely on this method all day long. When we wanted lunch, even the restaurants had 40 minute waits. And that was at 11:00! I get that you can  strategize  your day to  maximize  your time. But when I'm on vacation, no thanks. FACT: no matter what, you're going to spend 90% of your day walking from lineup to lineup, and waiting in line. This was my assumption going in, but no one who has been said it out loud. I am saying it out loud!We went here filled with excitement and had high expectations to be overwhelmed with joy after being told it is the  happiest place on earth . The park was absolutely packed when we arrived and we had to wait almost an hour to get parked and in the front gate. There hardly any thrilling rides or anything which was worth the 1 hour plus wait times so we spent the majority of the day walking around battling the insane crowd. All of the staff had fairly monotonous personalities and there wasn't a whole lot to see and do so we left after a few hours only. Universal Studios was so much better and a lot cheaper. Disneyland would probably only be good for little children.Maybe my husband and I are missing the magical gene but I am sorry folks the happiest place on earth is a bit overrated. If we did not have a young child this place would not even be on the radar for a vacation. It's not about the money but when your spending what you spend to get through the gates the rides better be working and the cast members better have a Ms USA smile smothered on their faces all day. The food is horrible, out of the 100 s of staff members maybe 10 smiled. The lines to get on rides is ridiculously long the wait time horrible. And the magical fast pass helps a bit. We visited during a slow time of the year I can't imagine during the summer busy months. Even my 6 year daughter was over it   I asked her what she will remember from this  magical  visit   she answered with waiting in line. Really not what I expected. We visited Disneyland in January with our eight year old son. My summary of the experience is:  ticket prices are prohibitively expensive, particularly if you have more than one child  the park itself if VERY, VERY crowded. We deliberately chose a  quiet day on a quiet week  and it was still ridiculously crowded. Wait times on rides ranged up to 70 minutes which is just crazy. Clearly the number of annual pass holders clog up the park making it way too busy  the rides themselves are old, old, old and need to be updated  food at the park is poor quality and expensive  if you choose to go, learn the fast pass system before you enter the park as this is somewhat helpfulWe would not recommend a visit to Disneyland.we took out 5 and 6 year old boys to disney and we got there both times when the park opened. I was running from one ride to another strategically planning how to get a fast pass and not have the kids wait in line for so long. not every ride has a fast pass so.....at one point we waited in line for 90 mins for a ride. the food was not that great there thank god we packed snacks and overall I was disspointed b c we did not get one single picture w  a character. the lines each time were sooo long it was unreal. why would you have this so long for impatient kids? The adults that were visiting the parks were very inconsierate of children and my son got trampled while I was holding his hand and hit w  bags b c his short. for goodness sakes ppl there are little kids here have some sense. Overall our experience was disappointing. Because several kid friendly rides were closed, wait times at other rides were 90 120 minutes. Then Star Tours broke down. In addition, the Mexican restaurant had no working heaters on the patio. They claimed that  maintenance  had to relight them, but no one was called. The park itself is beautiful however there were so many people at the park it was difficult to enjoy the day as we had to battle against the crowds constantly. Staff are mostly nice and helpful.Imagine paying $7.80 for a corn dog. Yes, a corn dog cooked 45 minutes before your arrival and barely warm on eating. Expand this to your experience. Thought you were clever buying a hotel room at a stupid ridiculous price for early entry? HA HA HA! Only 1 5 of the park is open to you and the other dumb buyers (like me). Get in line, get in line, get in line. Weren't those Halloween Decorations cool in the photos? HA! They are 20 years old and have been baking in the California sun since then. This is a date park that has to answer to corporate money and there are not too many investments in the park, save for patting down folks in wheelchairs. Sell, sell, sell, Buy, buy, buy. Take your kids somewhere else. Make a new fantasy. Disney is over. Jeep is selling ads on TV now for Disney Star Wars. visited this park during rosebowl time only because it was an outing offered to our group, which was a high school band. i expected crowdes but not the gazillion pople we were faced with. It was hard to even walk thru the park and in the end we gave up trying and took the train back to the entrance. The characters were'nt really visible and the staff did not trade any pins with the children. The lines were beyond long so my advice is if you go please do so in an off peak season disney here in cali need to step up their customer service as they lag sorely behind orlando (go there instead). i didnt have high expectations since we had no little kids in our group but it would have been nice to be able to at least get on its a small world Geez!I love Disneyland and am glad to go on any day but New Year's Eve. Friends who go every year assured us that  it's great!  But it's not. It was so crowded that we only got on 3 rides in 14 hours at the park. And the flow of human traffic is extremely frustrating. We waited 45 minutes in a shuffling mass of people to get through an intersection at Frontierland. Also, and this is not Disneyland's fault, we waited until midnight to see the fireworks only to have them cancelled due to high winds. Disappointing.It was crowded, but that was not the problem. The way you are treated and herded around by the employees is my beef. When the shows or after parades are finished, you are ushered away, and can not stop to view the fireworks. The employees wave their flashlights in your face, and will not allow you to enter a roped off area to view the show. With the cost of admission at over 100 dollars they should be more accommodating.The crowds between Christmas and New Year's make for a bad experience. Took an hour just to get into the park. I would love to know max capacity vs. Universal Studios, because we did more in one hour at Universal than we did in 10 hours at Disney.Cast members are always running somewhere and spend little to no time with their fans. At Universal, we got pictures with numerous cast members and spent only seconds to a few minutes in line for each of those pics.Every little girl dreams of going to the most magical place on earth, but sadly for me this was close to a nightmare. No Characters roaming around, the crowds were unheard of. The staff look like someone just stole there candy, they were not helpful at all and when someone did go out of there was to assist us in a place to sit one and a half hours before the parade someone else came up just before the parade and said we could not sit there so we ended up in a shocking position thanks to the staff not knowing simple things. The Toilets were disgusting the food was not even worth writing a review. It was the worst memory of our month long holiday and this was what we were looking forward to the most.Beware of the ridiculous crowds. We arrived at Noon and were only able to ride 3 attractions all day! It was a sea of people everywhere.How can they do this to us? They're selling annual passes like hotcakes and obviously just don't give a damn that it's creating record crowds. And, yes, it's Disneyland and people are going to keep coming no matter what they do. : (I don't think Mickey really loves us after all, but he still loves our $!We started out at the haunted mansion and the line went fairly quickly although we waited for an hour. Everywhere you go, the walkways were blocked off because the lines from the rides spilled out. Was there seven hours and got on three rides.  Hyperspace  mountain as it is now called, was the longest line I've waited in my whole life. Two hours pass and we were still only halfway through the line. The people that work there were trying their best to entertain the kids in the center with hopscotch and such so I applaud them for trying. The parade congested things up and we would have to go around the whole park or wait for a break in the parade. Definitely don't want to come back during Christmastime.We've been here for 3 hours. We have been in 3 lines and kicked out of 2 for techical difficulties. We are waiting for ride  4 which, if we have any luck, will be the first ride we get on. A lot of rude people shov I ng their way through and the fast pass is a joke. It's been about 5 years since we visited Disneyland. I remember all those times before were magical and fun, it made is want to come visit every time we were in LA. After yesterday's visit on Christmas Day. Never again! The park was over crowded by 10am it was at maximum capacity and times to go in were over 3 hours. We had a hopper pass and decided to visit California Adventure first. By noon when we wanted to visit Disneyland we weren't able to go in. It want till 4pm that we were able to enter the park. Once we did it was horrible it was hard to walk, waiting lines for rides were ridiculously long. I think from now on I'll stick to Disney World. Have been 6 times to Disneyland Park since 1999 and never had I had such poor experience at Disneyland Park even during Christmas time. This time was different, and I am turned off enough not to go there again. Very crowded, rides do not open on time or keep closing due to technical difficulties, the management team on the ground is clearly overwhelmed by the overcrowding at the park, particularly visible during parade times. While we took advantage of the magic morning to get into the park early, the day we went had Splash mountain, Hyperspace mountain and Matterhorn bobsled all open late due to technical difficulty. Haunted house had to close temporarily due to technical difficulty while we were right at the top of the line. Tomorrow Land has Star Wars ride and Super hero exhibits and has barely space to walk. A few food comments as usual:Compared to the non vegetarian options, the veggie food options are pathetic. On Main Street you get Pretzels, New Orleans area has cold Salad, if you are by the Splash mountain and hungry you get fries. There are very few decent veggie meal options and long walks to get to any of those decent options: Veggie skewers at Adventure Land at Bengal Barbecue, cold sandwich at tomorrow land, cheesy pizza at tomorrow land, and burger at fantasyland. Veggie skewers are hit or miss, some of the veggies were not grilled fully and were half baked. Certainly adding veggie hot meal options that are easily accessible in many restaurants across the park would be good. In summary, compared to all my past visits, this visit made me feel the magical experience is fading. Very commercial experience. Mickey I feel seems to be taking the foot steps of Scrooge McDuck, so very much a good bye from me. crowdy, old attractions, kids decided to skip attraction not to stay in lines, attractions in movable parks are essentially more interesting than thereThis may be our last trip to Disneyland. Definitely not the most happiest and magical place on earth. The crowds are horrible. You can only get one fast pass every 2 hrs and lines are 90 minutes wait time. No thx. In some areas, you cant even make it thru the walkways because of people. You are packed in like sardines everywhere. No characters out and if they are, the line is cut off after just a few people. Nothing like a screaming kid after standing in line 15 minutes to see goofy and being told the end of line is right in front of you. The staff are far from friendly. A lot of them seem to hate their jobs. No smiles! They should limit the amount of people in or something. Its just ridiculous. Not worth the money it takes for a vacation to Disneyland. Will take a cruise next time! Mickeys Toon Town cannot be safe with all the people crammed in their. Couldnt even enjoy it. Once again, was told Minnie Mouse was done visiting after standing in line 35 minutes. Really!!! I love Disneyland. So does my Autistic daughter. Disneyland has changed their handicap policy, because of evil people who abused it. Now you need to go to a kiosk and request a ride. They scan your ticket and tell you when to show up at that attraction. Wait times can be as long as an hour. In the meantime, you cannot ride any other rides as your ticket is locked into the one you requested. If you stand in the line you can, but if you are in a wheelchair or a scooter and try to access handicap line they tell you that you have to wait until your first ride is finished..so for that hour, you are pretty much sitting there waiting. One day at Disneyland and we were able to ride 4 rides. The second day we hired a V.I.P for $400.00 an hour. Yep, you heard me right. $400.00 an hour. And you have to have a minimum of 6 hours. $2400.00 for my family to be able to ride more than 4 rides. Two of the rides we went on were 45 minute waits even with the VIP guide. And both of those rides closed down just as we we getting to the front of the line. Two hours wasted. We were refunded one hour, so at least we weren't that upset. I don't advise a VIP guide, as nothing about it made my family feel Very Important. No bottle of water, munchies or even straight to the front of the line. In fact..WE bought our guide lunch. So..sorry Disneyland. This family that has come every year for the last 20 years, will NO longer be patrons. Until you change your handicap policy, for the better and not for the worse, my money will be spent elsewhere. You might have shut down the scammers, but you made it impossible for those that truly need the handicap services to enjoy your park.Prices are high, crowds are bigger than ever , lines are longer than ever, food is worse than ever in the park, to put it simply , the magic is gone . To pay 240.00 for two days for the chance to be trampled by parents running with their little ones tucked in strollers when early entry into the park starts. Not to mention when there is early entry at Disneyland , there were only 2 parts of the park opened, Fantasy Land and Tomorrow Land. The other parts open at 9AM when there is the second running of the strollers. I can not imagine if they had to evacuate the park in an emergency what would happen. Disney seems only concerned about how many butts they can pack into the park.On the plus side the water shows at night in California Adventure were amazing. Restaurants will not let you check in for your reservation no more than 10 minutes prior to your time.MAKE RESERVATIONS FOR ALL DINING IN THE PARK, EVEN FOR BREAKFAST. YES , EVEN FOR BREAKFAST!!!!I have been coming to the park since 1979 and have never had a worker be short or rude to guests. This time it happened 3 times. I do believe it had to happen sooner or later, the amount of people that are at the park would even try the patience of a saint.Good bye Disney , I knew you well.My wife and I only have one day at each park. So I booked us this tour for the morning of our Disneyland Park day.We did not have a magical time. We had a pretty slow group and we only got to go on 3 rides during our tour. The tour went from 9:45 (people showed up late and we we told to be there at 9:15) until after 2pm. Over four hours and only three rides.I knew most of the history already so the tour itself wasn't that great for me. When this would be worth it:*If you have at LEAST 3 days in the parks OR come here regularly throughout the year.*If you come regularly and want a SE Disney Pin*If you want a relaxing day and don't care about rides or waiting for things.*You REALLY want to see inside the dream suiteWhen this is not worth it:*If you only have one day per park. We missed out on a bunch of rides because the length of the tour.*If you LOVE rides and don't really care that much about history*If you have kids. Kids we were with HATED is and were so bored.We did not even go near Club 33 and didn't see Walt's apt or ride in the train.Long Story Short...I liked the tour in general (because I LOVE all things Disney) but it wasted a lot of our day and we missed a bunch of rides because of it...oh, and we went in early Nov when the crowds are much lighter...I am from the 2nd most populated country in the world and yet I have never seen so many people crammed together in one place.May be It could have been a good experience had there been a limited crowd. I hated it. I strongly think there should be a limit to admitance in the park. Else there is no point visiting this place.If your one of the locals and you think that going to Disneyland on Halloween might be fun......please rethink this. It was so overly crowded that we couldn't move on Main Street. Although the park is incredibly decorated, I'll wait to see it during their off hours in the week from now on. We came from out of state for the Halloween Party, a special event for us as we have always wanted to visit the Haunted Mansion with Jack Skellington in residence.That was a great moment, seeing the mansion and the ride was fabulous.The crowds were massive on a Friday night, especially between 4 7pm when the daytime visitors are in the park and the doors open for the party goers. There are rope lines set up to help with lines into the rides and handing out candy. With the crowds as huge as when we went, we watched as people were blocked off by massive crowds on one side and no way to get out due to the crazy rope lines on the other, people started to panic down by the haunted mansion area, going under the rope lines to escape and only to get berated by park employees for  cutting in line  , ridiculous! It took 45 minutes to get a bag of popcorn, the soda we waited 15 minutes to buy ran out of syrup. We had dinner at the Blue Bayou and had to wait a half an hour beyond our reservation time. The Pirates ride, Thunder Mountain AND Indian Jones ALL broke down at the same time in the same area of the park, that did not help with crown control AT ALL. The young people working in the park are simply not trained to handle crowds like this either. Customer service overall slips, as everyone appears to fall into survival mode including employees. It was crazy, we left early. Conversely, we have had a GREAT time at the Halloween party in WALT DISNEY WORLD.We all came away thinking this park is too small for these size crowds, and that the customer service in general was not even close to being on par with what we have always received in Florida. This visit hurt our perception of the Magical Disney experience, big time. We are hoping this is a one off event, but it has tarnished our feelings about Disney overall, believe it or not. We are DVC members, we love going to WDW in Florida. We just can't get over how California Disney leadership and management didn't plan better. You know, it's like this is not supposed to happen at a Disney park. You are supposed to feel safe, happy and carefree. Yikes!We were excited to be at Disneyland over Halloween weekend and looked forward to the decorations and excitement. We have never been during a peak season. It certainly was eye opening...First of all   we got 2 day park hopper tickets and because they were 2 day we ALL had to have our picture taken. WHY? Well, the cast member recited his lines perfectly about how it was to  protect  us in case we lost our tickets and someone else tried to use them.  Really , I said    so if we lose our tickets do you invalidate them and issue new ones? .  No.  This conversation went around in circles for about 2 minutes until I finally got him to admit that the REAL reason they MUST take your picture is to make sure you don't give sell your ticket to someone else. Nice.... BTW   you HAVE NO CHOICE. You MUST have your picture taken or they will not allow you in. Each person is linked to a ticket   yes, EVEN THE KIDS. And when you re enter, be sure you have the right person with the right ticket or you won't get in.Lines were outrageous and people working were crabby and generally unfriendly.Indiana Jones ride broke twice in the same day. Space Mountain also broke down. Tomorrowland future building is closed for a year to renovate it.FASTPASS tickets were a joke   more so, if you get a FASTPASS for certain rides you cannot get one for a different ride until you actually USE the first one.... such as Space Mtn and the Star Wars 3D ride.I guess the most upsetting thing was how DIRTY the park was. We have been here 4 times over the past 8 years and it has NEVER been dirty. NEVER. There were always people cleaning with rags, sweeping, etc. There were papers, food, gum, all kinds of things ALL OVER THE PARK and we only saw ONE person in the two days we were there that was sweeping. Very disappointing. Walt would be ashamed.We were travelling with grandparents in their 70s and at one point they just could not walk anymore. They showed their handicapped state issues cards to access the Haunted Mansion and it took 2 people to come over and be both rude and uncompassionate to tell them they had to walk ALL THE WAY back to the front to the main building to get a pass. They issues a FASTPASS and said to return in an hour   but it was apparently a big inconvenience for them.The next day they went directly to the Main Building to get a  pass . They were told that unless they rented a wheel chair they could not be assisted. More so, they were told by a cast member that it was a  park and you should expect to walk around a lot and wait on line if you are here . Nice. Very nice. Luckily we were with them and the grandkids had us to run around with them. But tell me, does this mean that grandparents are no longer welcome into Disneyland with their grandchildren unless the kids (regardless of age) push the grandparents around in wheel chairs? Completely unacceptable. I do realize that people abused the privilege and were hiring people to go to Disneyland with them to get line passes, but please.... these people are in their mid70s.... this wasn't a joke. Shame on Disney.I guess like all things, it has become completely and totally commercialized and the care and interest in making it a fun, family friendly, clean experience has passed. It's a business. And it has succumbed to the  make money  no matter what it takes mentality.... Sad thing   we were treated better and enjoyed Knotts Berry Farm more... now THAT says a lot.Let me first say that I have held annual pass three other times in my life and I have been coming here since I was a child. I love Disneyland and I waited to write this. My experience this last October was NOT GOOD. First of all it took almost 45 min. to park. Apparently coming early doesn't pay off anymore because they make you drive around the whole park to some place on the other side of Harbor BLv. I PAID for parking pass and wanted the structure. When I questioned this, the attendant was rude. I bought a day hopper for my developmentally disabled brother who wanted to go with us. They DID NOT TELL ME THEY WOULD KICK US OUT AT 6:30 and SHOVE US OVER TO California Adventure ALONG WITH THOUSANDS OF OTHER PEOPLE who did not have the special $70 green bracelet!!!! THEY kept yelling at us to move along, MOVE ALONG, and to not go this way or that way. I felt like i was a second rate customer being treated like dirt. IT was SO OVERCROWDED at California Adventure!! They said it would take an HOUR AND A HALF just TO ORDER FOOD!! My brother got to go on five rides between two parks for 150 bucks. I went to Pirates three times and they kept shutting it down. The ride was not broken and the attendant was rude to us. Haunted house left us standing at a stand still in the sun for 45 min. I think they were setting up for all the people who paid the extra 70 buck for their Halloween stuff. I left upset. I have never experienced such a bad day at this place.80% of the time is spent in lines. Considering the high cost of the tickets, it's just not worth it anymore. Also, the only food in Disneyland that is good is at the Belle Cafe. Everything else is overpriced and not tasty. We are so disappointed.So...the last time I came to Disneyland Park was nearly 20 years ago and have fond memories of the place. Much has changed since then and I decided to come again the day before Halloween, perhaps that was my biggest mistake. We arrived at 1PM and it was unbelievably crowded, judging from the research I've done after the visit, I guess this Park attracts more locals and it seemed that way. Wait times were at least 40   50 minutes all around and Fast Passes were 5 hours   and desperate to just get out of one area, we decided to brave a 50 minute wait for a specific ride (Indie Jones).Now, granted the line does move so you're not really standing still for a long period of time. That I have to give them credit for doing a good job.So the above mentioned are things neither I nor Disney have much control over (apart from when I choose to visit). Here is what I was disappointed about:1) I understand that rides get updated but there were a couple of updates that detracted from the rides   Indiana Jones   I remember there used to be a boulder rolling towards us in the end and the train would seem to hurtle towards it before dropping and that was the end of the ride. Now, no boulder but you still have Indie hanging from up there and I didn't understand a word he said. Very anti climactic.2) Haunted Mansion has gone completely Tim Burton's Nightmare before Christmas now and towards the end there used to be a holographic mirror you went by and there would be a ghoul or grizzly seated beside you, now I had a roll of Christmas wrapping paper? Someone else had Dr. Zeuss' hat? What?!3) The employees were SOUR!! Whatever happened to the Happiest Place on Earth? You'd think they were working in the Most Miserable Place on Earth. They were not of good cheer, friendly, they were chatting amongst themselves and herding cattle.4) Speaking of herding cattle, hey at least entertain us while we're waiting in line especially when the waits get pretty up there like 50, 75, 80 minutes long. A person or two coming out to entertain or talk to us in character of the ride would work? I think Club Med does a better job at that...I kinda feel like I dealt with a bad pimp during my visit   they took my money, under delivered, and didn't care about my experience. Now, I've never been to a pimp, but I'm just saying'...We did have reservations at the Blue Bayou for lunch and that was good. No complaints there.But after 6 hours we still had not finished our rides in Adventureland and Critter Country and the riff raft was ballooning, I threw in the towel and headed back to the hotel for a glass of champagne instead.Maybe I'll try again on a rainy weekday in January away from any holidays or events...Went there with family for one day, few attractions was closed for renovations and some closed because technical issues such as Submarine Nemo ( electrical problem) and also Winnie the Poo during queuing we has been announced delay because technical problem...again! I found this Disney park poorly maintain compared to the one in Hong Kong or Paris. We paid more than 500$ for a family of 5 and seriously it's not worth it at all!!Staff service is average, most of food proposed is over priced and poor quality.Well for me I will say Disney is not made to have happy family but to robe family!Honestly spend your money traveling with your kids on the beach or visit natural parks, this is cheaper and more fun!!One positive, carpark over there is good...but cost you 18$!My wife and I went to Disneyland today. I've been many times and never given a review below 4. In fact, it may be my last. There are things I've come to expect. Growing world population longer waits more patience. Disney has now got to the point where the parking time alone and transportation into the park is an hour, ironically the same time the wait for a ride which really has always been the case. The problem is this is the second time in a row now multiple major rides broke down. The monorail to the hotels and other activities broke down as well. I can deal with one sometimes two of these but you throw in the fact that a single park pass is now $100 per person for a day and snacks and one meal with a drink for the day are another $60. They continue to successfully raise prices because they have the best marketing team in the world and all I can see is crowd sizes growing each time I come meaning we are still willing to pay that amount for  the Happiest Place in the World . We were frustrated so we went to Disney city hall to see if we could get swapped to California. Nope. Just an offer for one fast pass to a single attraction in Disney. Thanks but we said no and left. I'm no fuddy and this has been one of my favorite places in the world forever but it has finally reached a point that major changes need to come before I will return.What made me mad was we normally leave during the afternoon crowds and come back around 6pm but couldn't. There was a special event (Halloween party) thus we couldn't do that. Also, it was so crowded that we only spent a single day in the park and found other (free) stuff to do around LA instead, like going to the beach. As Disneyland closed early, there were no fastpasses available during the afternoon so we ended standing in huge lines. What a waste of time and we'll not be coming back anytime soon. Disneyland is packing in huge crowds so I'm sure they could care less.The park was so packed we couldn't walk. The sidewalks were full to the point of being dangerous. Matterhorn Bobsleds shut down and then they closed the Haunted Mansion because preparations for the evening light show Fantasmic! around the lagoon required roping off entire areas all evening. It was absolutely ridiculous! If they don't have an area to do the show like they do in Florida, then they shouldn't do itDidn't even go to Disneyland the second day   wasted Park Hopper $$ and stayed at California Adventure!Can't help the weather, but what is up with closing the park for some crazy Mickey Halloween Party on M, W, F during October.Busy time of year because of all the fall breaks.Don't recommend every going at this time again.But when is it a good time to go really?I think this will be our last trip to Disneyland. The prices have become outrageous to just stand in line for 1   2 hours to ride an attraction and be jostled about by so many people. There are not enough benches for seating for older members of our family who need to sit down and rest at times. It was very hot and humid when we were there and it was just too hot standing in the sun in long, crowded lines.We tried to watch the fireworks one night and people crowded themselves in very early to the front of the park. Everywhere we tried to stand we were told we had to move yet they have sections blocked off with empty benches for 'company' employees. We watched the clean up people walk along and make an attempt to sweep a piece of paper into their receptacle but if they missed it, they just walked on. It isn't the same clean and enjoyable experience we used to enjoy in years past. I think Walt Disney would be very disappointed by how it has changed. Food is terribly expensive and on hot days, drinks are exorbitant!! $4.49 for a small bottle of lemonade!!!!Sadly, I'm afraid I'll have to agree with previous poor reviews. Disneyland has taken a turn for the worse of late. Overbooked, understaffed, overpriced, under maintained. This is the first time I have run into so many curt, smile less  cast members . But I can understand based on the mass numbers of totally self absorbed, entitled park visitors they must deal with every day.And based on the numbers, and what appeared to be a very short staffed park, cleanliness suffered. Used to be every restroom, cafe, ride and venue was spotless and shiny. Not this trip. So many men's rooms with wet floors...and not from being cleaned... So may eateries with dirty tables, usually hogged by families that weren't even eating, just looking for some place out of the heat to sit, while those people that actually bought food had to stand or find someplace else to eat.Many areas were just not very well kept or clean, though it appeared they were trying. But with so many people jammed into the park, it's obviously impossible to keep up.And the jazzy's and scooters were everywhere. Not to mention the gazillion strollers, many of which didn't have kids in them...but were filled with coolers, backpacks and bags...no children in sight. Maybe, just maybe, if they were to drop the price of the food people wouldn't insist on bringing in so much extra stuff and they'd probably sell more than enough to make up for the lower prices. And while I'm on a roll, what's with the single rider lines? Whole families would get in line in the very much shorter single rider lines just to avoid waiting like the rest of the people willing to play by the rules. Plus car full after car full of wheel chair and scooter riders. Sorry, but if you are truly that bad off physically, should you be riding Splash Mountain, Indiana Jones, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad...? Luckily, we fell for the con and bought a multiple day pass, thus adding to the masses, and were eventually able to ride most of what we wanted to, in spite of more than one  popular  ride being shut down sometimes for hours each day.Not sure if we'll make the trip again. Sorry for my family, but at least the entitled ones will have a few less people to contend with.We are a diehard Disney family, visiting at least once a year, but this visit was miserable. The park was crowded, producing long waits on all the rides and the weather was unseasonably hot to add to the misery. Crowds and weather cannot be controlled by Disney but their cast members can and should be. I have never had a cast member be anything but pleasant to me and rudeness seems to be the new norm. I am not a fan of the crowd control techniques either. At both the parade and Fantasmic, standing is required to squeeze in more people. A group that had been sitting for almost two hours for the parade was required to stand before the parade start despite the fact that there was no clamor to join the viewing. It was infuriating because eight rows deep, everyone could see perfectly. After standing, only the first two rows could see. Tall people and children on shoulders made viewing from three rows back obstructed at best. After the parade, everyone was sent on a forced march around the trail behind Big Thunder. If Disney is going to force people to make this trek in the dark, they need to install adequate lighting. The Fastpass system for Fantasmic is a nightmare of jostling angry crowds who have no hope of getting a good view. Only those with deep enough pockets to shell out for a dining experience could get a reserved seat with decent viewing. Shade structures or more shade trees and fans are desperately needed on some rides for guests standing in long lines on hot days. New, cool things included the castle decked out for the 60th anniversary and the new light parade. The new Frozen area on the Storybook boat ride is well done as well. None of this made up for being treated poorly by employees at every turn.Oh and be careful about traveling in September and October. Park hours were curtailed on three of our five days for the Halloween party. The number of hours we could be In the park was substantially reduced, although, of course there was no price reduction at gate.We were here, on a Tuesday in October, we did four rides in seven hours. The queues were horrendous but my disappointment really was in the attitude of staff who I had been lead to believe were customer focussed. No way.We went to city hall for our first time visitor badges as recommended by a fellow traveller. This would enable staff to ensure we were looked after. Now this would have been the time for the staff to tell us about fast lanes but they didn't and it wasn't until we asked why people were passing us in the lines using a different lane that another traveller explained. Check them out if you are going as they could save you hours of waiting. There is nothing slick about this place. We queued for tickets even and the process was very slow. We queued for lunch which was absolutely awful and I will review the French Market later if I can. We queued for toilets. One woman was sitting on the floor breastfeeding. I suspect there may have been somewhere else more comfortable for her but she obviously didn't know and no one bothered to tell her. There is loads more I can say but you have the picture. When we eventually got a fast pass to the haunted house the woman monitoring the line told us to get a move on. Customer care indeed particularly as around the bend was yet another queue. Don't bother with the ride either. It was boring. The only good part was you can sit down. The best ride was the tram back to the car park. Does anyone think customer caring Disney will reply?The only reason I came back to this park was because I had my dad with me and he had not been back since he was a kid. I had purchased two $130.00 3 day park hopper passes for myself and my dad (military salute passes) and we had wanted to visit both parks. After only spending half the day at the original park, we left frustrated. We took the tram from the parking lot and two employees (the driver and the guy at the back of the tram got into a massive argument while we were there waiting to be loaded onto the tram. Then we get to the actual park gate. I saw an attendant and asked her which gate was for the disabled she snapped back at me  they all are!  (it was the same crochety wench that told me last year that I could not use the disabled entrance. I am a disabled veteran.) We enjoyed visiting with the big 5 at the main gate and then rode a total of 4 rides. There were a few that allowed us to enter the handicapped entrance and it was appreciated. Then we went to Pirates. We were told that there were too many people that pretend they are handicapped and now Disney just gives fast passes (which means you still stand around 30 minutes after your designated time and are mixed in with able bodied people who have fast passes). The service and quality have gone down hill and dad was sorely disappointed in the park because it was so much better when he was a kid. It was not as crowded, and the people were friendlier. We won't even waste our time here next year. 90 minute wait times per ride is the norm. As the day progresses the crowds just get worse and worse. The poor crowd management creates a dangerous situation and prevents park goers from enjoying their experience because most of the day is spent in long lines. That was not what Mr.Disney envisioned and if he saw the conditions now he would be heart broken. We had a much better time at Universal and will become season pass holders at their park instead.Sometimes folks ask whether they should go to Anaheim or Orlando to visit Disney, if they only can go to one. Well, this is really a no brainer. Should I stay at Motel 6, fly USAir in coach, and eat at McDonalds or should I stay at the Waldorf Astoria, fly Singapore Airlines in First, and eat at Victoria and Alberts? Whereas option 1 above would be far cheaper than option 2, the expense one has at DLR would be fairly comparable to WDW.As a Disney fan who has been on 16 DCL cruises, who has had Annual Passes for WDW for many years even while living in California, this weekend in Anaheim was hellish. (OK, I'm hyperbolizing and being a snob, I know.) So Saturday we walk to the park through the Maingate. We're trying to find the  no bag  entrance. Oh, there is none. So we stand in the hot sun (it got up to 104F 40C) and wait on one of the long lines. Once we are through, we wait in a shorter line to enter DCA. Our Premier Pass works. We go to get a Fast Pass for the Racers in Carland. No, you can't do it online. You gotta go to one of those old fashioned kiosks, stick in your card, and hope you put it in right. Then it spits out the pass. At 10am we got 6 pm. As there was no place to escape the heat in the park, we exited to the Grand Californian Hotel. The bar was cool and pleasant. After a hard cider for me and a JW for Jack, we were happier. This was followed by a stop at Uva. It's always pleasant but still hot since it's outside. We had a 1:50pm reservation at the Carthay Circle Restaurant. So we thought we 'd hang out at the lounge till our table was ready. We had to stand in a line for 30 minutes in the sun to get a place in the lounge! Finally we got in and had a lovely experience there. After a while we were taken upstairs to a lovely venue. The service was great, the food mediocre at best. You pay for the ambiance. After a late lunch , we just went back to our hotel. The crowd and heat just made it unbearable. Come Sunday morning, Jack wanted to go to ihop. We usually don't frequent chain diners, but I agreed. Once there, he decided to skip it and head straight to the park. It's 8:20am. We stand in line to go through security. It is a Zoo. Times Square! The Magic Kingdom like park doesn't open till 10:00 am. Ok, we will head to Downtown Disney. But there are barriers. We wait in line several times for cross traffic. I decide to find a breakfast place. I was able to get a 8:50 at Steakhouse 55. We fight our way through the crowd. We make it just in time. We sit in the lounge there after checking in. Of course, the lounge is unmanned. After 25 minutes, we were seated. We had a lovely brekkie with the Fairy Tale Cuv  e.Now it was back to either the park or the hotel. Either way, again back through security. We patiently waited. As the person in front of us gets their bags checked, we pass as we have no bags. We get yelled at for being rude. The lines to get into the park is again huge. We escape back to the hotel.What a different experience from Orlando. Even if it's crowded in a certain park, you can escape. We've been at very busy times. You can enter Epcot through the back. I've never seen a line to get into the Rose and Crown. You can pre book fast passes. Many places to cool off.I think we'll just make the transcontinental trip next time and spend our money in heaven, not in hell.We went to the Mickey trick or treat on Oct 7th. It was a sold out event. The kids had to wait in line for over 10 minutes at each station just to get 2 pieces of candy. Many of the rides were shut down. The worst part was that there was limited food! They shut down all the normal vendors & shops when the place closes for the trick or treaters so the only food was popcorn from 6 midnight! It was crazy!! So not worth it!Visited this past weekend and have never left the happiest place on earth so disappointed. If you do not purchase a ticket for the holiday treat you should just not go. Granted it was very hot but when they shut down Disney, the other park gets way to crowdedWe just got back from a crazy three days at the resort. I think we are done. First of all, you only need two days to experience Disneyland and California Adventure The crowds this weekend were unlike anything I have ever experienced. On Sunday it was a 30 minute line just to get through the bag check so we could then wait in line 15 minutes to get into Disneyland. From there every attraction was a minimum of 60 minutes wait time. Fast Pass got us on Star Tours but we had to wait four hours to ride it. There were several of the main rides that if you didn't have your Fast Pass by noon, you were out of luck. It also didn't seam to be as clean either. Maybe they were overwhelmed by the crowds but we saw a lot of empty water bottles laying around. I remember there being a lot of cleaning folks walking up and down main street. Not this time. There was pop corn all over, wrappers, etc. I will never understand why people can't walk the 20 steps to throw stuff in the garbage cans that are everywhere.I guess for someone who is experiencing their first visit, everything is great. But this was probably my 8th visit and for as much as you now have to pay, I was hoping to experience the Disney Magic I had experienced before. And I am sure that compared to other Southern California theme parks it's the nicest, but I just don't think it is what it used to be. When my kids are asking to leave early, I know I am not alone.We are disappointed that Disney is not customer oriented any longer. There were so many people in the park even for early entry that it was unbelievable. Guests with strollers are rude and if I had not moved quickly I would have been run over by a motorized vehicle. It was bad enough guests with strollers ran over my right foot and ankle while I was standing in line. The guests did not even say excuse me. Not sure if we will return since this was very disappointing with the crowds.We have been visiting Disneyland every year since our son was three years old. He is twenty now. We have always gone in the fall but the last few years have been continually disappointing to us. Finding October and November to be so crowded presumably because of the holiday decorations we decided to go in September. Our first day was pretty good as it was a Thursday but the rest of the weekend was terrible. Two hour wait lines and many rides broken down. We have to pay to fly down, pay for a hotel and then only get on a few rides or to wait in line to have it break down as we finally approached the entry. Its an expensive trip for us. Just not what it used to be. We still love it but are perplexed as to when to go as it seems the crowds are always beyond terrible these days. Even the Dole Whip line was over 30 minutes. Kind of a bummer for us. And why do they decorate early? They used to not have the Christmas decorations up until after Thanksgiving. Now its before.Most of the workers I came in contact were sarcastic and unhelpful. I understand that it was a busy weekend but it costs a lot of money to get into the parks so maybe this staff needs to learn from the Florida cast on how to treat guests. There was a cast member name Justin who worked at the Avengers picture area and when the cast was going to switch characters he told us in line to be patient and that the world would keep spinning. Very snide not impressed. My four year old thought he was mad at the crowd. This is just one example of the rude experience we had.We live in Chicago, but my kids love Disney. We have been to Disney World multiple times and this is our second time at Disneyland. We looove the California Adventure Park. Disneyland Park is just ok. For starters it is REALLY old. We were visiting for two days and Space Mountain broke down while we were in line, the Haunted house broke down, the Matterhorn broke down, Splash Mountain broke down, Winnie the Pooh Broke down....and every single break down happened when we were already in line!!! Secondly, the set up of Disneyland was poorly executed....a perfect example would be that you have to walk all the way into Critter Land at the back of Frontierland to get to Splash Mountain, and there is only one way in and one way out!!! This creates traffic jams and dangerous situations when the park is crowded and hot. Speaking of hot...why is there no place to cool down in Disneyland? There are no sprayers, no water squirters, no trees, no nice shady canopies, nothing! We actually walked into Toonland hoping to find the same spray area that they have in Disney World, to find that there is nothing. You feel like you are in the desert, oh wait, you are. Fourth, I have said it once and I will say it again. Raise the prices and let fewer people into the parks. When it is this crowded it is not enjoyable. We don't even go during the busy times. I can't imagine the hell that must be. Lastly, Disneyland needs to update their app and their fast pass system. In a day of electronics it seems a bit backward to me to be running from fast pass kiosk to fast pass kiosk, when you should be able to just click a link on your phone. We are a large family, two little children ages 3 and 5, and two older children 12 and 14.Too make it simple I have been to Disneyland many times and decided to finally take my children. There is nothing there for my 3 year old, she was scared of all the rides except small world and we spent most of our time in the bippity boppity boo princess store. My five year old was also scared of a lot of the rides , Pinocchio did not go well at all.My older children were so disappointed because 60 percent of the day was spent waiting in lines. (we were there for two days staying at the Disneyland Resort).It was so overcrowded that at one point I felt a panic attack coming on from all the people .Had to take a break, split up the family and went to the hotel to relax (Disneyland Resort was great). I still remember twenty years ago when Disneyland was affordable now its so expensive we could barely afford it (actually grandparents paid as a present) we just paid food and drinks, by the way four hots dogs and drinks 45 dollars.The one thing I really looked forward to was the Fantastic show, got the fast pass for it at 9 in the morning blah blah finally at night we waited in line to sit down in our section, it was like a stamped , within seconds there was nowhere to sit and me and all my kids had no where to go but leave the area. So we couldn't watch the show at all, the other people were nasty and holding two little children in my arms got no help from the employees there so I could at least exit. Terribly organised. Yes I complained to them but they didn't even answer me back.My two teenagers were so exhausted of standing in lines they vow to never go back. And with a sad heart either will I. Disneyland use to be a magical place for me as a child, used to be.Cant complain about the Disneyland Resort that was fabulous.I visited the Disneyland park one day because I had a quick weekend in Anaheim and had nothing to do. First of all I purchased a one day park hopper ticket from my hotel for $155. I find it extremely expensive to go to both Disneyland and California Adventure. I can go to other theme parks in the Los Angeles area for about $60 a day. I walked into the park and it was packed. I wasn't really surprised because it was a weekend and it was Disneyland. I wanted to get in line for Star Tours. It was an hour wait so I decided to get a fast pass. I tried getting on Space Mountain which was another hour wait. So I tried to get a fast pass and it wouldn't let me get one because I had the one for Star Tours. I remembered when I went in 2012 I could get an unlimited number of fast passes but now I can't. I finally got on the Haunted mansion after an HOUR in the park. I wouldn't have a problem in waiting in these lines if they would put more shade up. It happened to be one of the hottest days in Anaheim and I got hot quick. After that I got in this huge line for the Star Tours Fast Passes. Now I thought we were allowed to go in immediately once our time was called, that did not happen. They let small groups of 4 people go in at a time. Of course the line is in the heat and I started to get furious. I decided to get lunch and bought Gumbo and a drink for $15. I went to California Adventure afterward to go ride some rides. I go in line for Screaming over California. Since I was by myself I could ride single rider. I walk to the guy and he told me I had to wait in the regular line. I wanted to cuss him out. I never had this problem before. So I decided to go back to my hotel and wait until later to come back when everyone else has left. It isn't the same anymore. They just want to over charge on anything. I do not have plans on returning to the park.We love Disney, first time to Disneyland, it was very small, staff unfriendly, not specatuclar like Disney World. The parades and fireworks were the highlights.Our family drove down from canada with our RV, fortunately this wasn't the main focus of our trip. Some of the pros, Disney band was good, the parade was good, the park has a lot of attention to detail. Some of the cons, over priced food, insane lineups, we averaged 3 rides a day. Reliability of the rides was substandard. Splash mountain had a break down when we were in line with fast pass, a raft ride in California adventure broke down when in line with fast pass. Pirates of the Caribean closed. The fast pass apparently has quotas and could not be used for the cars ride in California adventure. The ART transportation sign outside of Disney is out dated. We got on the wrong bus. Route 2 has changed and sign is not updated. Another problem was we had a 3 day ART pass. These are only 3 consecutive uses, so be mindful if you take a day off Disney park. Long story short the kids moderately enjoyed disneyland but if I never see the park again I can't say I would miss it. I will however check out there public stocks because that place is a cash cow with the markups.Loved Disneyland until yesterday. Tried to go into parking structure but were diverted to the  Toy Story  lot where we waited for a bus to bring us to the park. We paid the regular $17.00 to park miles away and arrived an HOUR later. It is clear Disney does not care about guests. When we went to City Hall to ask about this we were told there is nothing they can do about it. It wasn't the case of the lot being full because as we left and hoards of people were still streaming in, the parking structure was open. Will not renew pass.The park was way too crowded.  Also, the rides were basically the exact same rides that they had when I was a child more the 35  years ago!  Very disappointed.Boring! Honestly... The thick crowds and the lack of thrilling rides was a huge disappointment for myself, my hubby and my 11 year old. I was expecting thrill rides but didn't get them until we went to the adventure park next door. Having said that   the decor for the rides was brilliant & spectacular. The whole place is a spectacle... But if you are not into bling i wouldn't do more than one day here. The queues were very long, many of the popular rides were closed for refurbishment. It would have been helpful if public announcements were made about closures and break downs. The rides are getting a bit old and creaky. The day we visited it was about 37 degrees so staff were not as friendly as usual.Bought our tickets online and never even received a confirmation email. Was told when I called the 1800 number, that we would just need to provide the comf. Number at the ticket counter. So we did that our 1st day and on our way into Disneyland we were told the park would be closing at 5pm instead of 10. Well that would have been good to know before we entered the park. Did not get park hopper passes because we are adults with no kids and were planning on going to one park per day. So we missed all of the lights and Halloween decorations for the main park. Not worth the amount that we paid. After a lifetime of waiting, our dream of visiting Disneyland came true, only to be told at 5 pm that the park needs to be vacated immediately for a private party. No parades, no fireworks, we saw just 50 % of the park. Suddenly the smiling people at the happiest place on earth had turned stony faced and indifferent, just wanting us to leave, and of course there were no refunds. Shame on you Disney, Shame on you USA. At least be fair and don't loot people. Is it too much to expect from a 'civilised' country?Enjoyed the park during the day on 4th of July, despite two broken rides. We received fast passes as compensation. However, as soon as it was time for the nighttime shows and fireworks, the park turned into total chaos. We were ushered around the park in circles for over an hour and were not allowed to stand anywhere, especially not on Main Street to watch the fireworks. Countless parents with strollers (granted, they shouldn't really be there so late at night in my opinion) were screaming and trying to get out because it felt so unsafe. I injured my ankle because were were squashed between the sidewalk traffic and the main road, and I tripped over the separation rope. Shame on you Disneyland! Don't sell more tickets than people you can manage at your park!!!The park has gone WAY downhill lately, especially in regard to crowd control. I visited on Labor Day, which I knew would be busy. I've been to Magic Kingdom (in FL) on Christmas Day when they've had to cap attendance, so I'm fine with dealing with crowds bigger than this. However, the way Disney performed you'd think they'd never seen big crowds before. They mismanaged the traffic parking so badly it took an hour and a half to park (at 7:30am!) once we were within .3 miles of the park. Cast members kept telling us we shouldn't have come on Labor Day, which is something a customer should never be told. Multiple rides were down (with no signs out front at first!), including most of Tomorrowland. The monorail couldn't run in the heat, but they had no backup plan so guests were forced to walk to Downtown Disney hotels in the high heat large crowds   major heat stress health risks. Our security person was a rude, clueless woman which was frightening on such a crowded day, at a place like Disney.To make matters worse, Disneyland's own actions led to the chaos. Rude cast members kept saying Labor Day is one of the worst days of the year. If that's the case, why did Disney hold a marathon that weekend, bringing in more guests? Why did they allow the day to be open for annual passholders? They did nothing to cap attendance, then couldn't handle it and even complained about it to paying guests. Ridiculous for how much money you pay. Disney should be used to this by now, and have some standards.Really disappointed to have to give such a low rating, but the severe overcrowding that takes place completly spoils the visit. Everybody expects long queues at Disney, but the huge crowds even make it difficult to walk around the park and it felt unsafe at times. Have waited for this trip for so long, but left feeling very deflated.I wouldn't recommend visiting Disneyland during summer. This was my 4th visit to Disney & probably my last.We arrived when the park opened & had a great first 2 hours, but by 12 the park was so crowded we could barely move. The average wait time for a ride was 1.5 hours.The park continued to get more & more crowded as the day went on.We wanted to give our kids the full Disney experience so we battled the crowds until 8.30 & decided to then try to leave. However, leaving the park & this time was almost impossible, as the light parade & fireworks were about to begin. As we tried walking out of the park we were yelled at by almost every Disney employee we passed because according to them you can't go anywhere near the parade unless you have sat and reserved a spot(which means sitting for 5 hours). Everything stops in the park at this time so you have no choice but to leave however this is impossible. We all left the park feeling horrible ( not the happiest place on earth after all).Hot, overcrowded with little chance of getting on rides .... I certainly wasn't feeling the Disney Magic! Disneyland could learn a lesson from Universal and provide better shaded facilities for queuing and use cooling fans.Oh Disneyland I love you so. It makes me sad to give you a bad review. The entertainment is amazing and the attractions spectacular but it is so dang crowded. I know going in summer the lines are expected to out of control but with a bit of planning its doable. Its sad the fastpass window is so strict these days (I get it but I think there is opportunity to look at some things) especially when its crowded fastpasses for the ultimate attractions are gone, you have one so you cant get another (yet), and the wait is so long for another you WILL MISS your FP time. Even long lines I can deal with but getting from one point to another is nearly impossible. Too many people are stressed out and so rude and TRASHY. I saw more T and A at Disneyland than I did in Vegas last week. People need to put some clothes on and have their undergarments covered. It used to be the happiest place on earth but its quickly becoming the trashiest place on earth. Dont take your kids unless you want to explain what side boob, thongs, twerking, and dry humping are (I saw all that and more).I am a disabled veteran and rented an electric vehicle to get around the park with my family. People do not pay attention to what is going on, nor does it seem like they even care about the disabled people coming along and trying to get through. they just walk right in front of you and cut you off, nudge you out of there way and keep walking. It seems the foreigners, mainly the Chinese are the worst. They walk around like they are the owners and you don,t matter.OOOPS, maybe they do own the park.. The work staff is very polite and nice, good job, but the park just keeps selling entry tickets and selling entry tickets and eventually, one can not get around nor go on any rides. wait time was over an hour and a half at some times. The foreigners on a whole make it a very miserable time at the park and as far as I am concerned, the park is nothing, nothing like it was years ago. Back then you actually had fun at the park. Disneyland has become a place for foreigners and not for americans. You would be better off and have molre fun at a  SIX FLAGS   MARINE WORLD  OR  GREAT AMERICA  amusement park than at Disney land and the other parks are not as expensive either. Sorry, but we were very disappointed for the amount of money spent for this vacation. Had to save a long time for this and was actually glad to leave for home.....Sorry.Went with medium expectations. Found the resort overpriced, busy, with very poor fast tracks. Spent all day there and only managed four rides. We left before the 8.30 parade because we did not want to wait for 90 minutes to queue for another ride, Was bored waiting around. Food good, attractions dated. Left feeling disappointed. Will not be repeated.No matter what day you go the park it will always be crowded. Always crowded with annual pass holders or locals. Handicap rules are unrealistic for people with true disabilities. Ticket prices are so expensive and when you arrive lines are tooo long or rides are closed. They do not have a handle on crowd control. They allow to many people in the park that you can't enjoy the park. Better cheaper parks in neighboring area, but because its Disney you want to enjoy the new shows but you can't way out of control with the crowds and honestly dangerous. If your looking to go to Disneyland and want discount tickets stop looking. I've tried looking HIGH and LOW there are none. The biggest discount you can find is $10 and everyone has that discount. The biggest discount offered was thru Anahe1m.com. They say they have a $41.00 ticket. But, you can't get that ticket and they do not answer their phones. It will ring 4 to 5 times and then disconnect you.When I called Disneyland to ask about the California Resident ticket they said it expired in May and that there were no other discounts for California residents in any form. Considering the average bottle of water is $5 and you can't get a meal for under $20 they should keep the California discount.I think 60 years ago the park may have been the right size for the crowds but not for 2015. Family's spent lots of money to make this a memorable trip, but sad when the memory is lots of people, long lines, and short ride experience. Was able to get in 4 rides in the course of a day. That's about $ 25 a ride. Disney really needs to start considering comfort and safety of the guests, or like the airlines, are they just watching the bottom lineIt's always great to be able to take a trip to Disneyland but I may say that the customer service is horrible. Out of three days that we where there only a hand full of time we were told to have a magical day or thank you for that matter. We won't be planning another trip to Disney park any time soon after the bad experience with costumer service. I've brought my family to Disneyland and Disney world many times over the years. This time we stayed at the disneyland Californian grand adventure hotel which I do recommend. Staying on property gives you the amenity of early admission which is awesome! Also this particular hotel has an entrance for California adventure which comes in handy. However, the park itself was disappointing. It seriously appeared to be oversold as I can't imagine it was within the safe capacity. The main thoroughways were shoulder to shoulder continuously after about noon each day we were there. The entire crowd moved at an extremely slow pace, frustrating everyone. To make matters worse they began blocking off the main thoroughways at about 7pm for the parades, light shows, and fireworks. This made movement of the crowds near impossible. Forget trying to get to any of the destinations you were planning to get to. At the same time they close down 2 full sections of the park, toontown and fantasyland. This shoves even more people into less space. And to brighten your evening the cast members are there to continuously tell you to  keep moving  when the the entire crowd in front of you is standing still and there is literally no possible way anyone can move. Another odd change is that, there are long line areas where they used to have the lines but now they keep the guests waiting outside in the heat and let a few in at a time to make the long walk in the air conditioning where people standing outside could be (and used to be). I understand that a day at Disney with crying children causes high stress, but there's been a change since my last visit to Disneyland as the tension seems to start with the tone of the cast members. We have been traveling to Disney World a lot over the last 2 years, as my kids totally love it. We just came back from our Orlando vacation and because of a business trip to LA we had a day to visit Disneyland. We laughed at how small Sleeping Beauty's castle is compared to Cinderella's   really no comparison. Also, everything in Disneyland is shot   the umbrellas have big discoloration, you find trash left in corners, park personnel is not as useful and polite as in WDW. It honestly felt like an ordinary theme park. Now, Indiana Jones's ride is great (and not existent in WDW) but that is about it. The other park (Adventure) is nicer and newer, but again it lacks the magic.TIP: we parked at the Grand Californian ballet and walked to the parks (not from the inside the hotel)   it is a very short, easy and fun walk. And at the end of the day we got back from the internal gate to the hotel, and paid $46 for the full day, totally worth it in our opinion!Disneyland was very disappointing, huge crowds, very long wait. We will never go back, it did not worth almost $100 entry fee.MovieWorld, DreamWorld, SeaWorld and other attractions at Gold Cost are better value, better rides and not as many people :) We went to Disneyland on Monday , hopping that crowds will not be too big. Disappointed.We spent 3 weeks traveling the US on our honeymoon from the UK. Disneyland was a must as I proposed at Walt Disney World in Orlando last year. Firstly, the selfie stick ban was only explained to us when on the tram and at security bag check. I discussed my frustration with security, as I feel telling people once they've been dragged across the parking lots about it isn't very fair. We had no problem about it being banned, just that then expecting us to spend more time going back on the tram, all through the parking lots to return it, then queue AGAIN was unreasonable.She said we take it back or put it in a locker (I think she said it was $15). whatever the price was, we bought the stick for less so it wasn't worth it. I eventually said just the keep the thing as my wife was getting quite distressed. After then queuing to enter, we went to the guest services. We discussed what had happened and how unhappy we were, to which we were given a flyer about the ban (I said this is useless now, it should've been given to us at the gate) and told  it's all in the news about places banning them . I explained I'm not from the USA, selfie stick bans aren't all over the news in the UK. He said that security should have offered to leave it at lost and found and get it back later. After explaining she never offered this and now we've lost our selfie stick for no reason, he was able to retrieve it and send it to lost and found. By this point we'd wasted over an hour of our ONE DAY at the park.I bought up the amount of q jumping and saving space for friends at one of the rides to the staff, who said  I never saw it so I can't help . Everyone else could see it, the party in front of us grew from 2 to 11, and the party in front of them almost doubled, just before getting on the ride. I just don't find it fair and it was happening everywhere.Later on, the light parade was not far from starting, so we went to find a decent stop to watch. The cast members just usher you around the park. I asked on 3 occasions where to watch from, each person sent me to the next, they;d say i can't stand there then move me on! The 4th member said  people have been waiting for hours, maybe you should have done that . Didn't appreciate his rudeness at all. We were literally herded from near New Orleans square all the way to Main Street USA, which was almost a full circle around the park.We have visited Disney World in Florida many times. We knew this park was smaller but excited to visit a new park. We were disappointed for their 60 anniversary. Yea it rained but did not except it to shut down all the rides, cancel the parade and fireworks. The Florida park handles rain just fine but this park does not. You would have thought a tornado landed in the middle of Torrowland. The park is significantly smaller than Disney World but knowing that Walt walked the streets were pretty cool. I excepted high prices but they were similar to those at Disney World. Glad I say that we went but won't be wanting to plan another trip.Wow. I thought line jumping was not allowed.... It was rampant here. I hate to give a low review, I love Disney stuff. The only good parts of the whole day were Space Mountain and Mr. toad's Wild Ride. Awful food at crazy prices. Stick with Disneyworld.  It's for my kids love of Disney that brings me to this theme place otherwise I would not come even if it's free admission. While few staff are helpful and courteous many staff are rude. All those time we come here it's always a bad experience mainly because it's so crowded, long line everywhere, parking, rides, restaurant, bathrooms etc and even malfunction of some rides after waiting an hour. The fast pass is not even worth anything. Oh where to start, I will admit I am not a theme park enthusiast, but I am a team player and the husband and small boys love them, so I play along. But to say I loathe this place after our latest visit would be an understatement.This is our fourth visit in three years....I have never been a fan but my distaste is strong.Our biggest change and disappointment was the discontinuation of the former DAS program while there are still minor accommodations for those wanting to enjoy the park with disabilities it is a far reach one size fits all pass, that only applies to rides with current fast pass availability. Many of those rides are not the ones young children would seek out. We end up riding Astro Blasters all day because it's the most accommodating. This program could be better suited as a tiered program where the adjustments are made based on need. Physical disabilities require different accommodations than mental disabilities.The overall line durations were in the 45 90 minute range this is unacceptable in my opinion when paying over $100 per ticket per person per day. If at the park for 10 hours and you stop to eat overpriced, close to expired food twice in that day you might luck out and hit 7 rides that last less than 2 minutes each.The food is lousy, (excluding the fried chicken) they have no refillable drink cups despite the fact other theme parks in California do (they cite health regulations when I asked), so your spending $3 $4 minimum per drink. Food line ups are long and you can bank on $60 to feed a family of 4.Then there is my biggest peeve of all, rude staff and that damned parade! I take huge issue with Disney encouraging people to line up 2.5 hours Before the Parade. They rope off huge areas and drive the masses through 6' pathways that include wheelchairs, strollers, excited kids and grumpy grown ups. I think this dangerous, annoying and catering to the minority. Trying to move around once these ropes (barricades) are in place is like threading needles. It's painful!I'm not a fan, it's not the happiest place on earth and to say I despise their business model would be an understatement.Hope to say I'm never coming back!Parking was quick and easy...had to wait for the tran..park very crowed at some point you couldn't even walk due to people jams. ..likescand fast pass very long...hot hot and sweaty. .food in park restaurants are terriblem.sit donw restaurants over booked and could not get in. Lines for line toooo long...also grad night so park wass fliied with teens..no place to see stand for parade and after that no fireworks!! Which we waited for after spending 300 dollars for one day one park.not to mention food and drinks we were totally let down....this day was surely not the happiest place one earth. .it will be a long long time if i ever visit it again..next time go to knotts berry farm... why people get season passes is beyond me..who would want to torture themselves to this weekly and small kids..which were mostly hot miserable and crying any wayI have been to the Magic Kingdom at least a dozen times. This was the most disappointing. $610 to get in the door for a family of four. The Matterhorn, Space Mountain and haunted house were all broken down as we arrived at the entrances. Now we are told we need a fast pass to watch Fantasmic. This morning was fun, this afternoon has been a waste of time. I have been to Disneyland in Anaheim many times and have always enjoyed the experience.I am not sure what happened when I visited it last week. We firstly visited the haunted house, and waited over an hour in line, then 20 minutes in the elevator which takes us down to the cars. I thought , well it is summer and this is to be expected.We then found that ride was not the only broken one. The Tower of terror was nearly a 2 hour wait, as 2 of the elevators of 4 were broken, space mountain had a longer wait than normal another hour and a half, and I saw the theme reoccurring. I felt sorry for the parents and children on Roger rabbit ride, it too has some issues with equipment and times were longer than usual. The children behind me in line had waited over an hour and were bored and restless, as were other children around me and I am sure their experience was not a positive one. I heard their parents complaining and not wanting to return. I am not sure if they were having problems in the hot weather or crowds were larger than normal.Sadly it means that the longer you wait the less rides you are able to particpate on. Of course there are the express passes, but you can only use them within a set timeframe.By the the end of the day we were fairly tired, and it was a hot day, we had decided to visit the California Adventure Park section and go and eat at the Alfresco Tasting terrace. Surprisingly the reception area girl told us the place was full, or in their words, their commitment compliment had reached optimum quota numbers. We were told we could go and try the fast food places opposite. Firstly if we had wanted that style of food we would not be trying their establishment and secondly its a strange thing to be pushing other places which do not attempt to serve the same style food. She did not seem to see the problem. Finally after explaining our options she offered their restaurant terrace??? Which apparently had not reached the commitment quota compliment, as had the downstairs section. Why was this the last option?? We happily accepted this as we could choose a glass of wine and have some local cheeses etc. We were perplexed as to why this option was LAST.Inexperience on her part??? She had another person working with her who did not say anything to us about it either. Maybe they were both inexperienced in hospitality.As much as I enjoy Disneyland, this experience was not the best one I have had.I am an avid Disney fan. I live in Texas but have been an annual passholder off and on for the past 17 years. It gets more expensive and more crowded every year. This visit, I had a bad experience that has left a bad taste in my mouth and I am disappointed with the way Disney is handled a problem that I had. As most families do when they arrive at Disneyland, they stop to take a photo in front of the flowers at the entrance. We pre paid for our Disney Photo Pass so we wanted to take advantage of it. We stopped for several minutes to do some photos and there were 2 photographers there so we were able to take some pictures with our camera as well as his. When we walked off, my daughter left her sunglasses on the brick wall and realized it a couple of minutes later as we walked in front of City Hall. She ran back to the Photo Pass Photographers who had just took our pictures and asked if they had seen her prescription sunglasses and the Photo Pass Photographer told us that the photographer who took our pictures had the glasses and was taking them to lost and found!!! In the mean time, I had gone straight to Lost and Found to file a report. As with all things Disney, I had to stand in line for 45 minutes. Once I gave the report, the girl said that the photographer had not turned them in yet but for us to check back that evening or the next day. I called every day and that photographer never turned them in or the system at the Lost and Found is bad. These are $400, Kate Spade prescription sunglasses!! Sadly, sunglasses aren't covered on insurance and she had these glasses for one week. I don't know what to do. Lost and Found is no help. They said that they get hundreds of glasses per day and throw them away after 2 weeks. I have called almost every day for 2 weeks and they say that they don't have them. What happened to them???This visit was overall disappointing at Disneyland. We were disappointed with the crowds and the Grad Night craziness all day throughout the park. We were there 9 days and never got to see the fireworks. Three of the days were canceled due to high winds. The other days were so crowded that they felt dangerous. Once the parade is over the entire park crams into Main Street to watch the projections and the fireworks. This must be some sort of safety hazard. If there was a fire or something else happened, that people had to make a fast exit, there would be people who are trampled. Not to mention, people have to get a spot at least 4 hours before to get a place and then when the parade is over...all hell breaks loose and every man is for themselves. Not happy with this! The only positive I have to say about Disneyland California is that the night show and fireworks show are absolutely amazing. Staff are rude and unorganised. Found our place for the night show and sat for 3 hours behind the rope, 15 minutes before show starts a rude female staff member tells us that this is a area for wheelchairs only, would have been nice to be told hours before the start of the show as there was other staff walking around who had not even approached up prior to this point. Perhaps organise the wheelchair area prior to 15 minutes before show time and perhaps don't demand people to move but explain in a nice manner. Maybe staff need to do some training in customer relations. Very disappointed considering this was the diamond anniversary and our family was so excited travelling half way across the world to be here only to have our experience ruined by rude staff. Meant to be the happiest place on earth, not in my opinion and we certainly will not be back.Went to Disneyland yesterday and it totally missed my expectations. There were broken rides everywhere! Indiana Jones, Barges to the Island, Pirates of the Carabean, Peter Pan.... Some would be down for an hour some would be down more. Went over to the California Adventure Park and the Elevator Ride only had one of three elevators working. And the Crowds!!! If you are going to have broken rides then reduce the number of people entering the park. There were a lot of Disney Characters but those lines were long...always. The park is getting old and tired. They should either get their mechanical act together or reduce the number of tickets available. I recommend Six Flags or another park. You get some of the same kind of thrill rides without the high entry cost. SadI was pretty dissappointed with our last visit to DL Park. It's sad to see it getting old. The cast members don't have the same  sparkle  that they used to have. It was sad to see so many obese cast members as well. Some of their uniforms were literally bursting at the seams. I don't mean to be cruel, but I don't think many of them could have moved fast in an emergency situation. The major rides like Space Mountain were continually off line and the fast passes to get on weren't much good if the ride was down.We are returning visitors to Disneyland, every time we go to California we visit the park. This was our 5th visit. It was, however, almost to the day 6 years since our previous visit to the park, and since then someone in the managment must have given priority to profits over maintenance of the rides. Prices was higher than ever, but I have never experienced so many breakdowns and problems with the rides. We experienced several cancellations due to technical problems, which is really annoying when you already have spent half and hour in the line. In the haunted house it was even worse, it broke down while we were inside the ride, with an unexpected half hour wait in the basement as a result. During our stay in California we have visited Disneyland, Universal Studios and Six Flags, two of the three gave value for money, Disneyland did not. Don't go there. We have been there for the last time.I guess I'm just not a Disneyland fan. In my opinion the park is grossly over priced, over crowded, and over rated.I could handle the price if it wasn't so crowded. The wait time for the rides are unacceptable. Because of the long wait times there just isn't enough time in the day to get on many rides making it a poor value. The food, drink, and souvenirs are grossly over priced. I only went because my wife had never been. We won't go again.There were to long of queues for rides and that fast pass they have is a waste of time so stupid they should really do front of line tickets I would of paid extra for them found it very hard to work at where everything was no signs up saying which direction anything was didn't find the staff friendly what so ever the only reason why gave them 2 was for the light show at half 8 then for the fire works at half 9 My wife, I and 8 year daughter visited on a Wednesday in June from 8 AM   10 PM. It was Grad Night, so there were a lot of high school kids in the park. I'm sure there were more across the way at California Adventure since there are more thrill rides there. I strategically picked this day because it was a black out date for annual pass holders and the magic morning (one hour early arrival for Disneyland resort guests) was at California Adventure that day. Still, the crowds were ridiculous. Everyone sidewalk was packed, every line for each ride was long, and even the lines to eat very mediocre and over priced food were long. If you want a good view of one of the free parades or shows, you have to arrive an hour early and sit. We had fast passes to Fantasmic (wonderful show by the way), but the view was not that great and arriving earlier and getting one of the expensive dinner packages would have provided better views. After the 9 PM Fantasmic show, we tried to see the 9:30 PM fireworks, but they basically roped off the better viewing areas on Main Street (because it is packed and they let tons of people into the park in the evening just to view the fireworks), so there was nowhere for us to stand to watch the fireworks because they kept saying  you can't stand there  and we basically got ushered out of the park because there was nowhere else to go. On top of the that, there was a glitch in the fireworks show, and it stopped shortly after it began and never finished. And then the number of rides that were not available was annoying as well. In the morning, Space Mountain, Splash Mountain, and the Haunted Mansion were all not available. Peter Pan's flight and Innoventions were both out the entire day and the Storybook Land Canal boats were out most of the afternoon. We were able to get Fastpass to ride Space Mountain and the Haunted Mansion. We obtained the Space Mountain Fastpass at noon and had to return at 4:25 pm to go on the ride. Splash Mountain only opened up later in the afternoon and by the time I came by, the wait was 120 minutes and there were out of Fastpasses. We did enjoy a handful of the rides, most notably the Jungle Cruise, Pirates of the Caribbean, It's a Small World, and the Disneyland Railroad. The park is very clean for the number of people that go through it and we still had some memorable moments. That being said, for $100 ticket, I don't feel I got my money's worth. I do recommend you arrive at the time they open because you can at least go on a few rides without long waits. The Matterhorn is probably a good ride to start with since they do not offer Fastpasses and the lines were very long. Here is a great site for planning: http:  www.disneytouristblog.com Disney has great customer service, great attractions and shows. The drawback is the crowds are so large, even on a Tuesday, that you stand in lines the great majority of the day. The light show and fireworks show was great. However due to the huge lines, we were very limited to the number of rides we could take. Space Mountain and California Scream roller coaster were great. Don't waste your time on The Matterhorn, it is so jerky that it is actually painful. Nemos submarine ride is a dud. The Mr. Lincoln attraction is interesting, but parts of it are very dated. The tickets are very expensive and even with  fast pass' the waits are atrocious. You can get much more bang for your buck at other Southern California theme parks.There are too many people.  One day does not even come close to experiencing the park.  Lines were very long, and the parades, fireworks, etc. cause such a cluster that you can't navigate the park at all once they have begun early in the evening.We have annual passes with parking included. A week ago, we arrived around 10:00 and could not enter the main parking structure and had to proceed to Katella then left to Harbor to another lot. Checking with others the parking structure still had spaces available. Today, we arrived at 8:30 and again the main parking structure was closed. We were directed (with long lines of cars around the south end of the park behind California Adventure. We then had to compete with Disney buses to cross Harbor, then entered the Anaheim Garden Walk parking structure and had to either wait for shuttles or walk to the park. Again, the parking structure had lots of space available. This added at least a half hour to our entry time. Do not understand the process, however at least we could have had information to entered off the 5 freeway at Disney Way saving a traffic jam trying to go all the way around the park.A two day pass with lunches for a family of four set us back over $800.00. Wait times for the more popular rides was about 45 minutes. Way too crowded and over priced to warrant a return trip.Crowds were horrible for the 60th anniversary...We attempted to go last Monday to Disneyland.. (one day park hopper) ...we waited 1 2 hour in line and only moved 5 feet in our attempt to enter the front gates of the park...after that we decided to leave and come back another day. apparently there was a longer check in period for those with multi park passes having to show IDs etc. However, there was no structure or organization to the process so everything was incredibly slow and backed up into both parks.FYI if you decide to leave: keep your parking ticket, you can get a refund within 3 hours of purchase,and you have one hour to return a scooter for full refund. D land tickets purchased online are good for about 1 year after purchase...We were really excited to go to Disneyland this year. The prices (in case you did not know) have been raised again to almost 100.00 a ticket. Its crazy to think I paid much less for the park just a few years ago. The rides are pretty outdated and some of the best ones broke down while we were at the park (Indiana Jones and Space Mountain). Overall very disappointed.I was so looking forward to visiting Disneyland whilst I was in the US. I have been to the Disneyland in Paris, and absolutely loved it, so couldn't wait to go to the original in Anaheim.Unfortunately, the crowds ruined the experience for me. Way, way too crowded and we went on a normal not holiday weekday! The line ups started before we even got through the main entrance. We arrived at 8.30am. First was the line up for the bag check (15 mins). Then a 25 minute line up for tickets (this could of course be avoided by purchasing tickets online). Then the line up to get in the front gates took 50 minutes!!!It just got worse from there. The lines for ALL rides were horrendously long and got longer as the day progressed. You could not comfortably walk through most of the park because of the amount of people there.Fast pass only allows you to get on a ride about every two hours or so. At best you get 4 rides in 8 hours. Although, if you lined up for the rides you'd go on even less as the lines are so long! All this for $99 per person! Seriously, never again!!!!I recommend adults get a one day pass with a hooper and for families to get a two day without the hopper. Adults can get around that little bit quicker and take advantage of single rider lines of you don't mind riding alone. Families can save some money and take their time in one of the parks at a time. Got there at 8am. Lines were short enough. They certainly got busier around 2. You can have a fast pass concurrently for each of the parks. Don't expect to find anything healthy to eat other than a banana in the park. Meal options for those looking for something other than a hotdog and lollipop should byo. Best tip: get a fast pass to Radiator Springs Racers as this one was out of fast passes around 2pm. Must see at Disneyland Adventure Park. 1. Disney's Aladdin2. Radiator Springs Racers3. California Screamin'Must see at Disneyland Park1. Nothing reallyWent on Indiana Jones Adventure, the Nemo Submarine and Space Mountain and all were ok. I left at 4pm so can't rate the night festivities. Checked it off the bucketlist. Won't be coming back unless I have kids. I'd certainly recommend for kids 10 12. I haven't been to Disney in years. I only went because I have a three year old and our family was going. The only day we could all attend was a high peak day ( 8 out of ten crowds) and a really hot day. After returning and have a few hours to mull it over I've come to this conclusion: unless you're a sadist, or have a child, I don't understand why you'd go there. A family member paid for our whole trip (Lucky us and we were beyond grateful happy!) so maybe I just feel guilty that he had to pay so much...? I dunno. I did at least 30 hours of solid internet research and looked at every Disney  secret tips  and hacks video out there but no matter how well prepared you are, it won't prepare you for the sheer crush of sweaty humanity. And the lines   ooooooooh, the lines!!!! Insert horror flashback here.Things that struck me as odd: They don't offer double strollers (like Legoland) so you'll have to rent a locker or pack lighter There's not enough shade seems like really poor planning.They aren't equipped for the crowds   they ran out of  First trip  and  Birthday  buttons. Some of the workers seemed like they didn't get the memo they were supposed to be happy nice  friendly. (I'm looking at you, grumpy ticket lady.)I was surprised by how dirty some of the bathrooms were  again it felt like they weren't prepared for the crowds.The  iconic  pickle popcorn (CA  cars land) you can get only every 2 week or at least that's what I was told  why not have it all the time? My son loved It's a Small world, Pixar Parade (CA) and meeting the cars in cars land. It was a wonderful trip in that regard but the crowds & heat are the absolute worst. There are so few places that you can take refuge! I'd do the extra hour drive to Legoland almost any day of the week than deal with that circus again. They really need to get their act together in terms of crowd control especially for that hefty price tag. ;(I don't think we will be returning anytime soon. We booked our trip far in advance before any mention of the 24 hour day. Disney was less than prepared for the event. We arrived at 8AM and by 10AM the place was a zoo. We also sadly learned that line cutting is permitted in Disneyland. One family member is permitted to wait on line while the rest of the family joins later. We saw this on many occasions and asked a cast member who said they try and accommodate everyone. We asked the cast member to explain that to our 4 year old who was disappointed when she was the cut off point for one of the Dumbo cycles. The cast member declined. Perhaps this is a west coast thing where line cutting is OK. We don't see this happen on the east coast in the amount we observed at Disneyland. We even cut our visit a day short because of the poor crowd handling and cast attitude. We won't be back anytime soon.Unfortunately we went on the busiest day in the last 20 years! Honestly, that's what was written up by Disney itself. It was May 22, 2015 and Disneyland was open 24 hrs that day. UNBELIEVABLE lines and crowds. People sitting on blankets and towels lined up for 5 hours ahead of time waiting for the parade made Main Street look like land of the homeless. Sad, sad, sad experience. Since we came to Anaheim for a graduation this was THE only day we could make it.I've been to Disney World literally hundreds of times. My second HS job was in the Magic Kingdom and numerous family members have worked there. So I'm more than familiar with the inner workings of Disney properties. This was our first trip to Walt's  original  park. Our kids go to a private school and finished a week before the public schools, so we thought we could beat the summer rush and enjoy a couple of relaxing days in the parks. Boy were we wrong. Every school in the Anaheim area was at Disneyland for end of year trips.The GOOD:  The weather was definitely better than Florida.   Lots of hotels close to Disneyland (two miles or less)  Tram ride was very short and parking was easy (because the park is so much smaller)The BAD:  There are probably half the rides for basically the same ticket price  Fireworks were cancelled because of high winds. The winds weren't bad, but I expect this had more to do with the park being landlocked with houses and commercial property all around it.   Crowds for the parades are Crazy. The park is smaller which means the parade routes are smaller. Fewer places for people to view   incredible crowding.   Two rides in Disneyland were completely down.   Two rides at California Adventure went down. One of which was Radiator Springs Racers, which kept going down ALL DAY. I complained to Guest Services, but they didn't really seem to care. They told me that when a ride breaks, they give complementary Fast Pass tickets. I explained that this doesn't compensate when you are next in line and the ride breaks. A fast pass still ends up being another 20 30 minute wait for the same ride. All in all, it's nice to say I've been here, but I'll NEVER come back. Someone told me that most visitors to Disneyland are locals, and that's definitely how it felt. It was run more like a local hometown park, than a major production like the Magic Kingdom. Whenever we leave Disney World it truly feels like a magical experience. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for Disneyland. Only visited as my partner had never been and wanted to go ( we're both over 50)Anyway you queue for everything, an HOUR to meet Mickey, obviously just for little kids, buy the parents have to wait aswell, the rides are terrible, except Indiana Jones (average) all food and drink is way overpriced, I don't think I would have enjoyed it when I was 5 nevermind 50.right that's it wont waste time on it.There are too many night things going on ,so that it's hard to get around because large crowds are sitting around for hours waiting for the 5 nightly events that happen in the space of 2.5 hoursBut people are lined up for 3 hours before thatGetting around is very inconvenient for those that don't want to see a parade etc Disney staff use to be good with crowds but not anymoreWe visited Disneyland, Anaheim with our 2 daughters on 18 May, Monday with a lot of expectation. We were traveling from Bangalore, India on vacation and Disneyland was one of the top attractions of the trip. However it turned out to be a disappointing and tiring experience for us and the children alike.I can go on for an hour about the experience but this is a short summary  1. We did not go on Sunday to avoid the rush and queues but it turned out to be a day where every show ride had at least a 30 mins. wait time, not to mention the 95 100 mins wait time for Space Mountain and Star Tours in Tomorrowland   not something we were prepared for.2. Out of the 9 hrs we spent there, we'd have spent about 2 hrs having fun and rest standing in queues   something very difficult for small children.3. Our daughters were excited to meet the Disney characters, they had seen and read so much about them   the long queues with up to 50 mins wait time just to take pictures with their favourite characters, ruined that excitement.4. There were characters like Cinderella hurrying past weaving through the crowd in Fantasyland. By the time we could tell our daughters 'Look Cinderella' the characters disappeared from our view. We were told the characters will be in a hall in Fantasyland where we could meet them. By the time we reached there it was 6 pm and we were told that the characters have left for the day. Disneyland is open till 10 pm, how can the characters leave at 6 pm?5. We missed quite a few important shows because of 6 7 hours of standing in queues. Later we learnt that there is a system of fast pass wherein we could avoid the queues for some shows by showing up in a specified time window. We had spent 30 mins at the Disneyland entrance in the morning speaking with multiple Disneyland executives trying to find out the best 1 day tickets for us but nobody told us about the fast pass system.6. Any to top it all, there are no parades on Mondays and a few other week days. We had missed that information. So no parades for the children. We left the park around 11 pm and we did not see any fireworks as well.Overall, I am disappointed with our 'first' visit to Disneyland. I had read about Disneyland in MBA school. I had promised so much to the kids. And all we did was stand in the queues   well, mostly. The shows and rides were great but the crowd (on a Monday) really took everything away. This was our once in a lifetime trip (and expensive at about $100 a ticket) that went wrong.Way over crowded and unless you sat along the parade route early afternoon till parade started Disney employees would hear people along the side walk and not permit people to stop and watch. Overall I am very disappointed in the way Disney is now operating. Lines are huge for food; rides and two see characters. A lot of the mentioned previously was at least an hour or up to 2 hour waits.Finding think this is what Walt had in mind when Disney was created.To allow a huge crowd, making it impossible to cover the entire park in a day because of long queues and then make one buy a 2 day or 3 day pass is cheating, I would say.One has to wait upto 80 minutes for a 90 second ride   that is useless.Some rides (infact 3 of the most popular 4 rides were closed).I would not really spend almost 100 dollars for this!Hello, my name is JoAnne. I wanted to write and let you know how disappointing our Disney experience was this time! We brought our friend down to celebrate his 83rd yr. his bday was actually on April 30 but chose to go to Disney on the Tues because it's generally quieter, more room for his electric cart. We arrived early to the park, stood around and waited for the characters to come out and wish us a fabulous day in The Happiest Place on Earth and nothing happened! Very sad and disappointing start! After all my hype about the beautiful colourful parades, THE BEST way for him to see all the characters, only to learn there is NO parade!!!! Not a day one, not a night one, nothing! Again, we were all disappointed! THEN, we are told NO fireworks over the castle either! Everything that makes a Disney experience complete was not there! So very disappointed!I know you probably don't care, you have millions of visitors daily, making millions of dollars daily but I just wanted to voice my feelings! We came 2000 miles for this experience! He never even got to SEE Mickey because he was in an area where he couldn't go with his cart! And because there was no welcome in the morning , no parade day or night, he never saw the characters her grew up with! I was very sad and disappointed for him and the rest of the group! There was one other Disney first timer with us also! Disappointed!I do respect the fact that it's OFF season so perhaps an off season rate should be offered or at least paying customers should be made aware of the lack of attractions at the time of purchase! We were not! And, I did hear a lot of unhappy people around me disappointed when we were all told to leave our spots on Main Street were we had been waiting for the parade! SAD!Thanks for listening to me and hope this Disney experience doesn't happen to anyone else! I'll guarantee it won't happen to me ever again!JoanneUnfortunately, this is not what it seems. Don't waste your money. Instead get the free Fast Pass for whatever time the show is that you want to watch and purchase your dinner where every you would like to eat.My family recently went on a trip to Disneyland and purchased the On the go dinning package, with the expectation that we would be  guaranteed  better viewing spot than the people who simply get the fast pass. NOT THE CASE. We arrived 30 minutes prior to the show and we were literally stuck behind a tree with all the people who got normal fast passes and didn't pay for the dinner experience. Not to mention the fact that the food was sub par. The lasagna was rubbery and the chicken was dry. You were given only 3 options and you're forced to have to pick a time that is well before the actual show time. We had a 9pm show and we had to eat our food at 2:30pm.When I addressed this matter with the  leads  they were NOT helpful nor was the manager at  City Hall  on Main Street either. I was ignored and told I would be helped and the person never came back and then when we went to main street  City Hall  the manager Ricardo was not helpful and extremely rude.From what I could see the show seemed very enjoyable but I was beyond upset that I paid for this experience and was told that I was paying for the food. NOT the case I was paying for my food and my tickets. It seems like it would be worth it if you had better spot to sit but there is no guarantee that you will see anything.AGAIN I STRESS DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!! NOT WORTH IT AT ALL!!!!We specifically went to Disneyland to ride Indiana Jones as it's not in Disney World. Right before we went on, it broke. They gave us a fast pass to use it later in the day. It was never repaired. Sleeping Beauty Castle was closed off because they were filming Americas Funniest Home Videos. The Matterhorn was still being repaired since January. We complained about our Indiana Jones experience specifically as we knew it would be closed for repairs starting on Monday (we went on the Friday before). The cast member said she can give us a fast pass for indiana jones for the next time we come to the park as compensation. I thought this was a joke and we were on Americas Funniest Home Videos. I told her it could be 10 years if ever we return to Disneyland as we frequent Disney World. Her answer to that was no problem, it will still be valid 10 years later. She had absolutely no customer service skills or a functioning brain. Skip this park and go to Universal Studios when in California. All of their attractions actually work, are superior and the employees went out of their way for us.Overpriced. Rude staff And no place to sit. Ill Never go to Disneyland again. The beach is So Much better! Disneyland is Awful! Everything is DO EXPENSIVE. Old run down park that needs to be Completely renovated with all the Millions they are profiting Everyday. Terrible Amusement park. Awful Staff! Awful pricing on Everything! NEGATIVE STARS.Visited on a Saturday and Monday non holiday weekend in February and it was simply too crowded to enjoy. I would hate to see what it would be like on a holiday weekend. Battling the hoards of people in order to try and get your money's worth can bring out the worst in us. One man called my wife !%&$  White Trash because she had several children with her. I guess he was fed up with waiting in line all day too. Good thing I wasn't present at the moment or I would be writing this review from prison. The kids said they would rather go camping than go to Disneyland again. What a relief.Park was over crowded although we ordered our tickets in advance we still had to wait in line   what's the point of will call?Lines were often 120 minute wait and fast pass is okay but doesn't really help cause you can't keep running around from one side of town to the other side with 2 kids.Food is so overpriced and is mediocre fast food at best.Should have the ap My Disney Experience. Simple ap that improved the trip greatly would be easy to implement. Staff not as friendly as Disney World..... hello princess  etc ( my 4 yr old didn't have same friendly experience) No princesses or characters anywhere, no one to take photopass pics only got 1, everything required fast pass from a machine, lines long, Just did not compare to Disney World. Ca Adventures was better.For the amount of money we spent at the Disneyland parks the rides should be in better condition than they are. Every big ride broke down at least once while either on the ride or in line and several were not open at all. Some of the attractions like the jungle cruise and pirates of the Caribbean are old and out dated for an animation company you have work to do.I took both my vacationing teenage grandchildren, the Matterhorn was down for a scheduled repair, went to Indiana Jones to find it was broken down, stood in line 1.5 hours to ride thunder mountain, went to Space mountain, in line for an hour before it broke down, $93.00 each, not the happiest place in orange county. I cant even talk the kids into giving it another try.The 5 of us, have been to Disney on Tuesday, the first week of April 2015.A nightmare   that is the 1st thing comes to my mind.This park is just not prepared to accommodate all those people paying so much to go there and definitely expect and deserve much more than that.I   ve seen it with my own eyes. 120 minutes waiting line and people actually waiting for 2 hours (mostly exposed to the hitting sun)!.Space Mountain got jammed twice, Mattorhorn and Peter Pan were closed for refurbishing We   ve been to Disney in Paris and all 4 theme parks in Orlando. We were expecting it to be just as great, but were absolutely disappointed.Having visited Disney world in Florida on a number of occasions myself and my wife were finally looking forward to visiting the original home of the magic in California during our march California road trip. Well where to start I would have to say if you've visited Disney world in Florida then I would give the California parks a miss, there is little or no magic that is in abundance in Florida I can't put my finger on it we so wanted to love it but it turned out to be a chore rather than a pleasure from the queuing to the staff, the tiny nature of the park the lack of organisation compared to Florida it was a real shame and we left wishing we had not visited and still therefore thought it would be magical because that it is not.I recently visited the original Disneyland for a day having already been to both Disney World and Disney Paris. This was the most dated and boring Disney I have been to   but sure there's a certain magic about it, I imagine for children of a certain age and especially little girls this park will still hold some appeal. Disney adventure is the otherwise better park of the options at this location. I'm 27 so I'm really just looking for good rides not people in suits and overpriced food and drinks. The prices are disgusting and the overcrowding was terrible, they need to limit the number of entrance a day. Disney looks like a cash cow being milked for all she's worth at this location and it's too small to not notice the huge amounts of people. There is no escape. Go off season   never go during a holiday with your family or kids, it's simply more stressful than magical. If your a 27 year old straight guy   don't bother going at all. Go to Six Flags if you're in the LA area.I understand cost are going up but now it cost an average family of 5 more for one day at Disneyland then it cost for them to eat for 6 weeks. Hotels have gone up, gas to get there . They are better off going to the beach.We went to Disneyland with our 11year old son on his mid winter school vacation. This was to be a memorable trip and we had high expectations of visiting Disneyland Cal Adventure parks. Because it was Presidents' week, we understood there would be crowds and line waiting. But imagine our disappointment to find out many of the rides were closed! No one had mentioned this to us when we bought our 2 day park hopper tickets and my son was especially disappointed that we could not ride the classic rides like Splash Mountain, Peter Pan's Flight, Winnie the Pooh, and there was no iconic Disneyland castle to take pictures in front of (instead there was laughable cardboard scaffolding depicting a castle). There was not even fireworks (which we expected for such a busy Presidents week holiday) nor laser light show (Phantasmic?) at Calif Adventure park. We are big Disney fans and have always associated the Disney brand with impeccable customer service. We were very disappointed with our recent stay and will think twice about visiting again in the future. Suggestion: CAREFULLY check DL website so if any of the attractions are under renovation. There was no mention that there would be unsightly scaffolding covering the castle. We paid over $600 for 3 adult 2 day Park Hopper tickets (since our son is 11 yo, we paid full price for his ticket). We felt it was a rip off discourage others from visiting since so many of the parks'  attractions  are closed indefinitely for  renovations. You feel you have to take your kids but you'll feel its not worth it. The Matterhorn and Splash Mountain were both closed. Maybe they needed long repairs but to have those closed over springbreak seemed like exceptionally poor thinking. The place was packed and two major rides closed made the lines at everything else almost unbearable. 3 times while waiting, there were announcements apologizing that the wait was longer than advertised. We used the Fastpasses but $400 for a family of 4 for three short waits is not worth it. At Disneyworld, once the evening parade is done, the park clears out more and you can walk on to most rides. Not so here. Still 60  min waits for the couple popular rides they had open. Take the money you'd spend here and invest in Disney stock and you'll feel happier.It took 30 minutes in line and there were only 5 groups of people ahead of us ticket sellers make no effort whatsoever to get people thru...really aggravating startOk I come here every 5 years or so. Every time I visit it seems too many of the big rides are closed.Matterhorn and Indiana Jones were both closed this tripI would have thought that the food would have improved but Oh no ...its just as bad as ever   really horribleIts something that you should see but really the shine has worn off for me Oh and the tickets are $100Childhood ruined. I was expecting epic. It was a fail. Would be great for kids, but if you are over 10 years old its boring. All the rides and shows are for little kids. The whole of Disneyland and California Adventure combined would fit in the carpark of a theme park back home on the Gold Coast. We thought at least we could watch the great firework show... until we found out they only do them Friday, Saturday and Sunday night. Poor effort considering the cost of entry. Wont be back and don't recommend for anyone over 10 unless you are just taking your kids.We've been visiting Disneyland for over 40 years, however it's lost it's charm for us. It's overpriced and overcrowded. There seems to be too many free tickets being handed out. The park is full of people that don't seem to have paid for admission. We paid hundreds of dollars for our hopper tickets. The walkways are covered in garbage. The bathrooms are filthy. Walt Disney wouldn't be very happy with the way the park is run now. The merchandise that is sold in the stores is all cheap made in China products. Food is poor is Disneyland but fairly good in Downtown Disney. We won't be going to Disneyland again.I was here for two day's this march and this was the first time I have been disappointed. I know that there were Attractions that were going to be closed but once inside the park there were other Attractions closed that were not listed as closed on the website and on the board at the gate. We have visited Disney World numerous times but always wanted to visit Disneyland. We should have saved our money and gone back to Florida. Our park tickets from Florida weren't good for California so we had to buy new tickets. Many many attractions were closed for refurbishment or some other reason. They were late letting us into park on early admission days. Many rides then didn't open until well after the public was let in. I love Disney but California was way more expensive than Florida and nowhere near the quality of Disney World. Disneyland is not as friendly or as organized as Disney World. We were very disappointed.This place is a rip off. Overpriced for the unsuspecting vulnerable tourist . Have visited this place, and the other Disney properties many times over the years. Always known for terrible food and high prices which were cheap prices by todays standards. The review posted by the former employee amusement park reviewer critic is insulting. Some are not former hosts yet allare entitled to their opinion if the goods and services met or did not meet their expectations for their hard earned dollars spent. The reviews are written on the trip advisor site that folks can think for themselves and weigh if this  what we would consider a plastic, half  operating magic kingdom really worth the investment of time and money. All this is not to sparethe public, but to inform them that they can make the decision if this is where they want to go and if this is what they want to do based on experiences of others.Clearly for some of us it is not.Highlights, Space mountain (always amazing) Pirates of the Caribbean (classic), Thunder Mountain (fun), Indiana Jones, Cool   painful, It's a small world (relaxing and classic), Haunted mansion (still magical). Not worth the price you pay. $155 for rides to be closed. Rip off! Not sure how families travel here! So expensive. I would rather go to Mexico for the same prices. Followed this trip up with a visit to Las vegas, and saw more Disney characters there. Breakfast at Goofy's Kitchen was cool. Way overpriced, but at least got to get a photo with the characters and good food. You can skip their photography for $40 and just hand the photographer your phone for photos. Fireworks at the end of the night was cool. I guess I just don't care about the new Disney characters. Just not the same. Good for kids, lame for adults. This is the letter I  ve wrote to Disneyland about my family  s experience .. I haven  t receive any answer .. :(To whom it may concern:My name is VR. and last year, (April 12 19, 2014), my family and I traveled together to Los Angeles for the first time. (We are from Guadalajara, Mexico.) We took our two children, my mother and sister. My mother and sister had never traveled out of the country, so we were very excited for them to have this experience. Our son Denji is disabled and suffers from Trisomy 22. He is 14 years old yet is mentally like a 1 year and a half old infant. He suffers from a severe cognitive disability and even though he walks, he can't do so for a prolonged period of time. He also suffers from a form of autism, making him very sensitive to stimuli and becoming easily anxious. We were aware that it would be a tough trip, and for that reason we were prepared with all the supplies we would need including his carriage and a whole lot of patience. On our first day, we went to Universal Studios, and the entire staff made our day fun and pleasant, providing us with all the necessary accommodations. Since my son can't go on the rides they gave us access through the back door of the rides and permitted us to do the  child switch  when necessary. The staff was also very kind, wishing my daughter (who was turning 9) and my sister (who was turning 17) a happy birthday and giving them candy and treats for that reason. Universal Studios set high standards for us, and after learning about Disney's exemplary customer service standards during my Master's Degree in Marketing, I expected a high degree of customer service during our visit. Even after informing myself about all the recommendations for people with disabilities on the Disney website, I would've never imagined that our Disney experience would be quite the opposite from what everyone knows to be a  Disney experience .When at the Disney California Adventure Park, the staff did not allow us to the child switch or even allow one of us to be in line for our entire party. If my son could only understand that the rides are not dangerous or that being in line for a very long time poses no threat to him, we wouldn't have had a problem in waiting in line as a group, but due to his condition, being surrounded with people in a line makes him very anxious. The only solution that we were offered was a FastPass for him, and they specified that it was mandatory for him to go on the ride per se. We used it as much as we could, but after a long day and after being in a long line to go on the  Cars  ride, my son had an anxiety attack. We told a staff member about the situation and asked her to please allow us to do a child switch, for after being in line for so long and due to the time it wouldn't have been possible for us to get in line again. She did not allow us to do the child switch and unfortunately that impeded us from enjoying that attraction. It's not that we are inconsiderate parents but we're also parents of a 9 year old girl with no disabilities, and with all the hopes and dreams of going to Disney. We had to divide our family into two separate groups, and unfortunately Disney made it more complicated. The majority of the staff members didn't greet us and few of them wished my daughter or sister a happy birthday; thing which they awaited with expectation. What I wish to ask from Disney is to reevaluate your customer service for people with disabilities and consider that there's not only one type of disability, being the inability to move, but rather different degrees. If Disney could only be more responsive to the needs of families like ours, we wouldn't have suffered from this terrible experience, along with other families who may have experienced similar situations. I understand we're a minority but we also wish to enjoy from special moments at Disney like others do. We sacrificed many things to make our trip there and it's a shame that we went through all that in  the happiest place on Earth , where customer service and marketing techniques are said to be exemplary. This April we will be going to Walt Disney World in Orlando. I truly hope that our experience will be much different... Thank you so much for you time and consideration. Sincerely yours, Vania RochaP.S. I saved the FastPass they gave us. If you shall need it for proof I will gladly send it to you.I love Disneyland. I always have. My parents took us once a year when we were kids all the way up through our teens. I can buy into the  magic  that happens here and occasionally I'll even come home with bags of Mickey crap even though once I've left the hypnotic pull of pixie dust Mickey doesn't fit into my daily life. However, this trip to Disneyland was such a big disappointment. Of course, the tickets were outrageously expensive   a family of five being about $1,000 for three day park hopper passes   but given the meticulous care and effort Disney gives to maintaining the grounds and it's image you understand why. On this trip though, so many of the rides were shut down   Small World, Matterhorn, Peter Pan to name a few. There were restaurants that were shut as well. Very frustrating when you shell out a lot of money, this is your kids' first time going and you know that Disneyland isn't a trip that my family can afford very often. Maybe because I have very young children now the insane length of the lines for the rides and the wait time takes all the joy out of the experience. It's not magical when you have to wait for trams to take you to the park, wait in lines for security to check your bags, wait in line to buy tickets, wait in lines to have your tickets checked, wait in lines for rides and wait in lines to eat. Disneyland is now more work than it's worth. I have been to Disneyland several times over the years. However, during my last visit I found the staff to be shockingly rude and inattentive. It was as if they were angry to be working that summer day. I found the service at the coffee shop to be terrible. I was left standing at a counter when there was no one else in the shop. While waiting several other customers came in. When I asked for help I was told I now had to go back to the end of the newly formed line. My wife thought I was overreacting until a different cast member actually spoke to her in a very rude manner. This was not the Magic Kingdom of my past experience. I go out of my way to be polite. Thus, I was shocked to be treated so poorly at a place known for its hospitality.Visited in February. Cost $600 for 4 people for ONE day admission to Disneyland and California Adventure. SO many attractions were closed between both parks it was ridiculous. Took my dad because he had never visited Disneyland and was so embarrassed that it was so Mickey Mouse . I understand the need to perform maintenance but when so many are closed down prices or something should be discounted. Fast passes ran out before 2 pm for many attractions due to overload of the ones that remained open. No characters in either park. Went to City Hall to ask if anything could be done to reverse fast passes but we were told nothing could be done. Safe to say we will never visit Disneyland again nor will we encouraging others to visit  so many better ways to spend money other than to contribute to this colossal corporate robbery.We spent 2 days here with my immediate family and extended family. It was so unbelievably full of people. I knew it was going to be busy, but it was really difficult to enjoy the park with that many people. Line ups ran 100 mins or more. The first day we were able to get our fast passes in the morning and we got times for 9:30pm. Some of the staff at the restaurants were absolutely done and didn't provide good service. The second day we just gave up, most rides were out of passes. I'm happy to say we all came back measles free from the recent outbreak. Lesson learned, we will never come to the Magical Kingdom for Christmas. I think it'll be another 5 years before I can consider coming back after that experience.My fianc   and I are huge DisneyWorld fans and we have gone every year for the last few years. because we were in LA for a little bit, we wanted to check out Disneyland and were really excited to visit another Disney park. Unfortunately, we were extremely disappointed.First of all, the tickets were overpriced. While Disney is known to have overpriced tickets, at least at Disney World, there are so many things to do for all different ages that makes the ticket well worth it. Disneyland, although it has two parks, is extremely tiny in comparison. Meanwhile, the tickets are priced just as high with no justification.The Disneyland park is very similar to Magic Kingdom but on a small scale. The Sleeping Beauty castle is extremely small in comparison to the Magic Kingdom castle, and it doest not seem or feel like the focal point of the park. The park has some similar rights to Magic Kingdom like Peter Pan's flight, and Thunder Mountain. The other rides there are mostly extremely childish and while it may be fun for families, for young adolescents and adults who want to go, its quite boring. The only cool thing about the Disneyland park were the Villain characters that were out. We saw both the Snow White Queen and Cruella Devil which was pretty cool. Other than that, Disneyland was literally a smaller, less exciting version of Magic Kingdom. Disney's California Adventure also felt like it was more for kids than it was an all ages attraction. While there were definitely more rides at this park, and more geared towards adult as well like the roller coasters in the Pier, and the coaster in Cars, most of the rides were pretty basic. The Hollywood Tower of Terror was not as exciting as the one in Disney's Hollywood Studios at WDW. The Pier was the only redeeming park of California Adventure which was visually appealing. The rides there were cool too and it is nice at night with all the lights on. The Cars ride (can't remember the name, but the one where the two cars race) was a neat concept but I felt like the buildup to the actual race fell flat with the cars going only so fast.As a fan of WDW and all it has to offer, Disneyland definitely fell flat for both myself and my fianc  . Perhaps if Disneyland was the first Disney park we ever visited, it may have had more of an excitement for us. We opted out of going to Universal Studios in LA to do Disney, but we definitely wish we went there instead. If you are an adult or older teenagers etc. that are looking for an amusement park in the LA area, I would definitely recommend something other than Disneyland.If you have been to Disney World disney land is much smaller with allot of the same rides, downtown disney is also very small in comparison. It's also geared for very young kids, and families with young children, if you like fun thrilling rides, go to a different park. When we were there allot of the rides were down for maintenance and all the others had line ups of over 80min wait.Touted as the 'Happiest Place on Earth'. Well if you love waiting for ours cheek to jowl with others and paying way over the odds for food that you have queued up for for over half an hour then you are a Masochist and then this would indeed be your 'Happy Place'. We were able to go on 1 and 1 2 rides (someone had jumped of Splash Mountain so we had to sit at the top for 15 minutes until someone came and walked us off the ride.) Even with a complimentary Fast Pass the queues were interminable. I ended up giving a family the Fast pass as waiting in queue for hours is not my idea of a Happy Time. Added to this you have to trek all over the park and enter souvenir shop after souvenir shop to find the item you would really like to purchase. None of the staff have any real idea where items may be, surely when Disney are raking in such massive profits they could actually have a stock control system which would enable staff to let you know where items can be purchased. As an experiment in stock herding or Brownian motion Disneyland is quite successful, but never again will I be a guinea pig for them.Went the week before Christmas, it was okay. I was not impressed with the decorations or really our overall visit. The kids did not have a great time. I am not sure we will actually ever go back. We spent way too much money for the kids not to have the time of their lives. My 7 year old daughter, it was her first time there and we were there for her birthday as well, she is a total princess, but really didn't care for it. I asked if she wanted to go back and she said no way. I will spend my money elsewhere.Maybe it is because I am 64, but Disneyland has lost it's magic for me. $17 for parking and $94 to get in is toooooo much when you have to wait 40 minutes for a ride. No discount for seniors! We had to walk to and from our car! I will not come again.We took my 2 small grandkids (ages 6 and 3) to the Happiest Place on Earth for New Year's to enjoy the rides. Got there early and got our 2 strollers, so everyone would make it to fireworks. The first few hours were great hopping on and off rides. By afternoon the place was crowded    okay that's normal. Never could get a place to see the parades    too many people. Late afternoon, you could barely move because they roped off and shut the streets while installing bands. (Hum, I thought this place was about the rides but we stood patiently waiting trying to get across the streets and down sidewalks like the other 85,000  people.) Early evening, people are now body to body against the ropes, rails, and walls. People were trying to push through the crowds and were falling over our strollers against my grandkids. People were angry at being stopped and just being forced to stand in one spot while thousands of others crowded in behind them. Adults were vying on the streets for the best spot to see the NO NAME bands. By 8 p.m. they had closed down the rides because no one could tell where the normally long lines ended or began because every available area had people standing and waiting ... waiting for what? They closed the rides so there was nothing to do but listen to bands    excuse me Disneyland    we didn't go there so we could take our toddlers to a Night Club atmosphere!!! We paid almost $600 for one day, so we could ride the rides, see the parades, and watch fireworks. My grandchildren only saw the backs of the legs of the people standing in the crowd in front of them who were at a dead halt hoping to see the bands. It took us 2 hours to make it from the Castle down Main Street to the gate. If there had been any kind of emergency, we would all have been crushed by people trying to get out. You expect crowds at Disneyland if you've ever gone there before. I've worked in security and crowd control for years, and believe Disneyland did not have adequate crowd control plans or people to handle such an event. If they repeat this next year, they can advertise Disney's new event and call it a  Frightmare on Main Street !!!!My family which included my husband, 14yo daughter and my uncle went on boxing day and we were told ther were so full we couldn't get entry to Disneyland yet but they were happy to give us free park hopper passes to go to the Adventeure park and then be allowed into Disneyland at 3pm. We said yes and off we went. We knew they would both be busy and expected ques , but that was rediculous! Completely ruined our day and our experience. Not only did we have to que for rides as expected, even with the fast pass, but you had to que for food, drinks, tables and toilets, we were so over it. We tried to hang out to see the night parade, but couldn't even get close. There was no way we were going to hang around for the fountains and firs works. To top it off, it was so cold once the sun went down everyone was looking for any where warm we could. We honestly believe the parks attendance should be capped daily, it was just money grabbing on a big scale. I would hate to have been a kid in a pusher., or someone in a wheel chair!Customer does not matter here anymore. once they get your money for the ticket their customer service stops. once inside the gates you are treated as you are no one and not important to anyone. they could care less if you spend 5 minutes or 5 hours at the park. they have your money and that is all that matters to them. was our first and last time we will visit disneyland. was a big disappointment for whole family., ages 10 52.The 100.00 a person price for one day at Disneyland is too expensive. The wait is way too long. Disneyland need to add rides so people do not have to wait so long. In today society we want fast and now. I did not see enough characters for the amount of money for one is a waste. If I would have went to Disney land for two days I still think its a waste for the amount of money. My granddaughter put Disneyland last on her list that she liked on our family vacation at Disney land Was in area for one day only.  Thought we would visit Downtown Disney.  Nope    didn't make it in after trying to follow confusing signs and no direction once inside one of the huge parking structures.  Won't be back.There just has to be a lesser limit to the amount of people allowed in the park. To spend so much money and not be able to experience most of the things you want to is so disheartening. Our first visit ever to Disneyland for the Christmas holidays and we missed out on so many things, simply because of the amount of people and wait times. If you want to see the fireworks and the snow, you have to be in certain roped off areas that are so packed with people that it is dangerous. I love almost everything Disney, but will not risk a holiday visit ever again. So disappointing.I've been to Disney many times around the world, but it is so different today. It is not this idyllic world to escape and find happiness like 20 30 years ago. Now, the employees are just as rude and detached from their company as other retailers, the fixtures have aged, the lines are longer, the prices much higher, and the food offerings are terrible. There isn't the wonderment on kids faces from before, there aren't the smiles on customers faces, and there isn't the magic that Disney was  where dreams come true . Disney needs a major makeover and retraining of its employees. Do your one trip with your young kids but then cross it off your list. Disney, the magic is gone for me. The people are electric carts, plus the stroller brigade, and the outrageous crowds of rude people are too much. The admission price is like a ticket to hell. I LOVE all things Disney, but the crowds, plus inedible food, actually made me consider buying the VIP tour, just to get on with it, and get out. Next time, I will gladly pay for it & avoid the throngs of rude, miserable looking guests. Magic? no. I came to disneyland expecting alot more except what I thought was its way to busy, and way over rated, and way over priced, shows were good thats about all.Even mid week in November, the lines and wait times are a problem. I am not a fan of paying $100 to enter a theme park, only to stand in lines for so so rides and $4 waters. Yes, it is Disney and the kids do love Disney...but, after a few hours even the kids were begging to go back to Knott's Berry Farm. This is probably our last trip to Disney. We will be taking many, many trips to Knott's where the rides are better, the lines are shorter and the entrance fee is less than half. Oh, and if you are a veteran, Knott's truly honors you with two free admissions.Doesn't hold a candle to DisneyWorld in Orlando. Very long lines on a Sunday in November. The line just to get into the Disney area such as downtown Disney is absurd. At least it's open till midnight.Long lines, crowded walkways made for a long weekend then to top it off the fireworks were cancelled.  The characters were only available for short stints then would leave.  We were hoping for more, especially considering the cost.Like the title says. Over crowded and over priced. Went from being the happiest place on earth to hour long lineups unhappy parents and cranky kids. Walt must be turning in his grave with all the commercialism.We finally realised our dream to take our two young children to Disneyland. Coming all the way from Australia, this was a once in a lifetime experience for all of us. First of all, admission price for a family of four was certainly not cheap, but we did it for the children and we were looking forward to meeting lots of Disney characters to take photos with them and get signed autographs, and see the famous Disney parade at the end of the day, and if there were fireworks that would have been a great bonus. We bought our tickets online on the Disney website before flying over to the US and attended Disneyland on Friday October 10. The park was extremely crowded, even on a working day, with very long queues for all of the rides. Wait times on queues took 30 60 minutes just to clear, but we persevered. Then things started to go downhill. Queues to meet Disney characters like Mickey, Minnie, etc were also very long, and by the time we got towards the front of the queue, we were told Mickey had to go for a break and will be back in 20 minutes. So that was wasted time queuing up. We decided to move on instead of wasting another 20 minutes for Mickey to return and figured we will come back to meet him again later in the day. Unfortunately this same thing happened with other characters as well and by the time we got around to coming back to find the characters we were told they had all finished for the day, so we only got to meet Minnie and Cinderella, and nobody else! We even bought a Disney autograph book at the start of the day and only got two signatures in it. But we tried not to let that ruin our day so we kept on trying to enjoy the rest of the park despite the huge crowds and long queue times. Unfortunately, that attempt to enjoy ourselves got cut short when it was announced the park was closing early that evening due to the Mickey Halloween Party and unless we had previously paid for the Halloween Party we were basically being kicked out early despite paying FULL ADMISSION PRICE for the day. As a result, we DID NOT get to see the Disney Parade nor any fireworks, which is what my daughter was mostly looking forward to. We left the park feeling very ripped off. I overheard several families around us also saying the early park closure was a shock and they also felt ripped off. I lodged a complaint to Disneyland and they said all the information around park closing times is shown on the website so it was basically  buyer beware . I made a point that it would have been more useful if the information was shown on the online ticketing webpage where people go to buy their tickets online because there was no such information shown. If I had seen such information, I would have certainly not chosen that Friday to attend the park. In the end, all they could offer me was a park revisit but that is useless as we have already returned to Australia. It didn't even occur to them to offer a partial refund as compensation. So in summary, you will still pay full price and not get the full Disney experience and they don't care. Very disappointed and combined with the long queues, overcrowdedness and the way they can just change hours on you and still keep all your money, Disneyland is not the happiest place on earth at all. Save your money, this place is overrated.I was disappointed this time around. They have made changes to many of the rides, and not for the better. For example, the Haunted Mansion was once a great experience with the look and feel of a classic haunted house. Now, it looks more like a kid's toy store with brightly colored props and very tacky colors. It no longer has the look & feel of a classic haunted house. The Indiana Jones Adventure has also changed for the worse. In their attempt to pack more visitors in a shorter time, they removed at least one important experience, namely the part where he hangs from a rope and says  Back up!  Then, there was a large round boulder that would roll toward the vehicle; this has been removed, and all he does is hang by the rope with no rolling boulder. These are just two examples of how Disneyland has changed from a great theme park to something much more tacky. I no longer look forward to visiting the park, which is very disappointing.ALWAYS! crowded.  Always!   Everything is expensive. The rides? Not that great except  The Matterhorn   Space Mountain  or  big Thunder   Big standing in LINES for HOURS? and OVER $125 to enter the park?    PASS!   too much, for too little!   Sorry Mick mick!   OVER IT!We were excited to make reservations to eat at Blue Bayou Restaurant inside Pirates of the Caribbean, Disneyland Park. We made reservations the day after we reserved our trip. We had eaten in California Adventure a couple times in the past, but we hadn't eaten at Blue Bayou and heard it is a must due in the Disneyland Park. We were so disappointed. First of all, we were given the table closest to the door, and right by where the server station was at. We could hear the servers all talking about their guests and we were as far away from the d  cor in the restaurant as was possible. We were seated and a female server came up and took our beverage order. She said, I'm just filling in for your server who is on his lunch break. He'll be back before long. We saw a man lurking around the tables around us, taking orders bringing them beverages. But he never once came near us. The kitchen brought out our food on a tray covered with food warmers, and sat it near our table. It must have sat there for 5 to 7 minutes before the server came near it to bring to us. The busser had even come over and looked at the food and you could tell, kind of thought about serving the food, but thought better since its the servers job. Food was pretty good over all. We didn't leave hungry. But we didn't leave a big tip either. We won't eat at that restaurant again, next time we go to Disneyland Parks. We'll try another one.It's disappointing that it is so crowded and impossible to meet princesses or characters without a huge line. Didn't even meet Mickey or Minnie on our visit. Not what we expected at all. It's disappointing for a little girl who wants to meet princesses and they are not easily available at all. She had to run after Daisy Duck just to get a hand shake. overall disappointed for our once in a lifetime visit. Didn't see lots. Didn't get to ride the monorail because it was either wait in line for that or wait to see the parade. So we saw the parade. If you want to see Elsa and Anna this is your only chance.This is my 3rd visit to and the 4th for my husband and we both agree that it has been a real disappointment. We come from Malaysia and have always had the best impression of Disneyland CA over all the other Disneylands around the world. This year we bought our tickets online before flying in as we were bringing our family and wanted to make sure they have a great time only to find out upon arrival at the gate that the park closes 3 hours ahead of normal hours to make way for Mickey's Halloween Party. There wasn't even an option for us to get our Halloween tickets as they were all sold and, to make things even worse, Halloween goers were allowed into the park ahead of party time making the already crowded park even more crowded. I think the least that Disneyland could have done would have been to informed us via email of the event and given us the option of haing our ticket upgraded than to leave us in the dark.After recovering from the $500.00 admission for myself wife and 3 kids, we were looking forward to a nice day, but there were so many people you could barely walk. Wait times for rides were outrageous, the occasional fast pass they issue helps, but they are few and far between. To be fair everything was clean and well maintained majority of employees were nice. I would not go back, the expense and the limited amount you can see when the park is that full just drains the fun. At the end of the day we couldnt get out of there fast enough.I mean what can I say. It was a basic theme park. I thought Disney was supposed to be magical and for $300 it was very just ehhhh. The parking situation was terrible! The shipped us to a convention center about 15 minutes away meaning it wasn't until 45 minutes later that we finally made it to the park. We waited for 15 minutes for the Beauty and the Beast show to start and the curtain opened, the narrators began to sing and then curtain closed and they told us the show was canceled. I mean really, that's terrible disappointing for a 3 year old. The pizza was really bad and $8 a slice. I mean Little Ceasers makes better pizza. I felt like the employees there weren't that nice. It was just not the happiest place on earth.We figured October 9 would be a quieter time to visit Disneyland but we were very wrong. Most of the popular rides (Space Mountain, Pirates) all had an hour wait. We waited in line for over an hour for Splash Mountain which broke down, so we didn't get to ride. Indiana Jones Adventure also broke down and the Matterhorn was going at half capacity. Autorama was the pits (no pun intended) We stood in a waiting area that did not move in half an hour. It seemed as though they were having a shift change and unless you had a fast pass you did not move. We normally love Disneyland, but this visit was a total bust and has put us off visiting again. We did think the ticket price was very expensive, but as it was a family day we decided to do it anyway ($93 per ticket). We will think twice about going again.I am more and more disappointed with this attraction: the value for the money gets worse every year   tickets or seasonal passes are becoming quite expensive, long lines take the fun out of the rides, chaotic crowds make the place less and less enjoyable every year.The lines were very long and several rides were breaking down which was very disappointing when you waited 45 minutes in line and you get excited about getting on the ride only to find out that it is broken. This happened on Splash mountain, Thunder Mountain, Haunted House, Screamin and Indiana Jones.Worst day of out USA vacation and we expected so much. Tickets cost a fortune to get in. Fast Pass system gets you 2 or 3 at the most per day as time between ticket issue and use was over 3 hours. Queues for the major rides were all well over 75 minutes, and the smaller  kiddie  rides were all over 45 minutes. Spent the day in lines for boring rides that would be rubbish if not in Disney. California Screaming and Tower of Terror are the two redeeming rides in the park. Unless your kids are really into Disney, skip Disney and do Universal, Magic Mountain and Knots Berry Farm instead.We planned our annual trip to Disneyland to coincide with a slow time.. we don't like the terrible crowds during the summer months, but like to see the Halloween decorations.. the first week of October shows as one of the best time to go to avoid crowds and enjoy the park.. We checked the Disney Calendar and online for any other events.. when we arrived we were totally surprised by 'Gay Days at Disney', hosted by Disney... why wasn't this posted on their calendar! We have nothing against Gay Days.. but the crowds made it the busiest weekend of the whole year (based on several Disney employees).. They even closed several attractions because they were  at maximum capacity ! We were really disappointed! Mark this on your calendars if you are planning a trip.. first week of October NOT a good time to go!Disney are trapped in a nostalgia vacuum where they are no longer seeking to lead the entertainment market rather relive Walts glory days. By all means keep the Tiki room going but balance the historical with some kind of contemporary offering to show this entertainment experience does not only exist in rear view. Time to embrace the Epcot tradition and think 2030 not 1937. This was the 4th time I have been to Disneyland and the least impressive. For a place that often has hot weather there isn't much shade and not many places to keep cool. We were there mid September in the middle of a heat wave. When you've forked out over $1000 dollars for your family to be there and have limited time you are going to go regardless. We had been to Disneyworld 4 years prior and even back then they had way more air conditioned places and water vapour sprayers to keep people cool in the long lines for rides. We thought we might try and beat the heat one morning and go to a magic morning. What a joke!! That just entitled us to either join a queue for Disneyland that extended right across to near the entrance to California Disney or queue up early for California Disney to open. We decided to join the shorter queue and stand in the sun for half an hour until they opened the gates to California Disney. Only to find when they opened the gates that didn't mean they were really letting you in early. They had roped off all the entrances to all the lands within the California park and didn't open them for another half hour. The happiest place on earth pretty quickly became miserable with a thousand people standing in the sun for another half hour with crying, whinging children wondering when they could get out of the sun and onto a ride. The only saving grace for Disneyland is the new Cars ride. Other than that if you have the choice between Disneyland and Disneyworld choose Disneyworld every day of the week. It's better run, not as tired, the staff are friendlier and happier and given that there are more worlds the queues are shorter.We got the two park combo ticket which cost over $150 per person. Parking also cost $17.A lot of the rides were stopped for half hour periods & kept breaking down presumably down to such high temperatures. We queued for over half an hour for the haunted house to get to the front & be told there were technical difficulties & to come back later   felt we wasted a lot of time & didn't get much back. As so many rides were down the ones that were running had large wait times. The park also closed earlier @ 8 on the day we went due to the halloween special. Having been to the one in Florida i felt that is better which combined with the lack of working rides probably spoilt the experience for me. Spent four days recently & I am not sure if it was the weather, but the employees during my visit this time around seemed as if they were bothered by running the rides or being asked questions. Even though we got to get in the park an hour early there were rides that were closed until it was opened to the public and the lines were worse with this extra hour. I wasted an hour of sleeping in! Do yourself a favor and bring your own food and plenty of water or else you will be paying $4.00 for a bottle of water and so much more for food! People spend so much money to wait in line and fight the crowds. Not looking forward to getting back to this not so happiest place on earth anytime soon.As I wanted to go to somewhere child friendly, I had decided to take a trip to the place of wonder that is Disneyland.Upon arrival I was greeted by a gigantic Mickey Mouse and Daffy Duck. This freaked me out to be fair. I looked around in horror as to say  come on guys, does nobody else see this?! this is genuinely horrific  It was unpleasant to be blunt.But when I finally walked in to those oh so hallowed grounds I got it. I understood it all. It was as if every single event that had happened in the entire history of the world finally made sense. Every tiny little thing. I even bumped into rapper Flo Rida who was with his family, I thought he'd be really nice but nah, he was proper horrid. Really abusive.It truly is a place of wonder. I'm not even milking it. I wish I was, but no, no I am not.The only thing that might have been TOO much on the  wonder scale  is the frozen body of Walt Disney in the underground dungeon I came across. That was beyond belief but I had heard that was a thing so I shouldn't be surprised. No wait, I really should, that's just mad.I did see whilst leaving the dungeon that the scientists at Disney were unfreezing, or defrosting, Mr Disney hence why I was leaving.He started to point at me with his crusty hands and shout  stop aryan traitor!  in his Vincent Price voice. But it probably wasn't a Vincent Price voice but just imagine how much that'd suit him.Aside from that though, 2 10 because although place of wonder, without sounding attention seeking, that ruined my day.We hadn't been to Disneyland since before the turn of the century and it will most likely be another 20 years before we come back again. We've been to Disney World and Disneyland Tokyo and this was the worst of the three. Guess we've been spoiled by Disney World. We've gotten use to getting our photo's taken at the end of rides and then having the photo either sent to our hotel or the front gate to be picked up after we're done for the day, but not at the end of Splash Mountain, we had to pack it with the rest of our purchase to the front lockers (located outside of the gates) and stash it there until our departure. Two of the rides that we wanted to go on were closed for  Decorating    can't they do that at night when the park is closed? It would also be nice to provide the  Military Discount  tickets at the gate, especially if you have no way of getting to a base to buy the discount tickets. Also, we didn't find that many photographers as we found at Disney World, they are usually tied up with the characters inside, not the outside ones. We didn't bring a camera besides our cell phones since at Disney World since there's always one there. We won't be back for awhile here.We came all the way from Europe to Disneyland , cause my 4 year old sons wante to see Mickey Mouse so so much and me myself have read several Disney books, where they explain their usiness concept, customer service etc ...  We saw Mickey , that was good , son was happy . But to be be honest, the whole park seems to be out of date , we really excpected so much more, and most of all, customer service s totally avarage , I even heard one of the employee talking bad language , good that my son doesnt undestand english :) .Day before we went to universal studios , and folks in Disney , tehy are really 10 year ahead of you , in everypossible way.....To me, and this is only my opinion, Disneyland is a little overrated. It was a very hot day yet there was limited shade. Where there was shade there were vendors or stores selling stuff. We didn't have any kids with us so that May have made a difference. But for $96 for a one day pass....not worth it!The Cast members where not what I remember them being like, few smiled, only 3 commented on buttons and ears. The cast members have last their magic that Disney is known for, It was like going to an over priced theme park.fastpass system doesn't work and involves hours of waiting as you can only book 1 ticket every 2 hoursthe fastpass system doesn't work, you can only book 1 ride every 2 hours and when you get your ticket at each ride you have to come back in an hour to get to the front of the queue.It was very disappointing the treatment of staff though is a place for children. Very rude and not polite. The day before that we went to Universal Studios and the staff was really nice, polite and helpfull.   The food is very expensive and small portionsIt is not  5 yrs old little kid friendly at all like the hype would have you believe where Disney Land is for little kids. Long wait times all around! You're not missing anything by avoiding this park.If you've been to Disney World, don't bother with Disney Land as they're identical duplicates unfortunately & we preferred Disney World. It is not  5 yrs old little kid friendly at all like the hype would have you believe where Disney Land is for little kids. Long wait times for even the crappy rides!Cmmon Disneyland. You guys can run laser shows on water screens, use some real good technology and STILL cannot figure out a way to manage queues??? Really, 120 minutes wait time? and you proudly display that on screens?? May be you want to sell popcorns, soda and icecreams BUT that is a cruel way of marketing things. Other than this I cannot think of anything that can prevent you from getting a solution for this. With decades of data available one would expect you guys could have predicted footfalls with much greater accuracy. And plan accordingly. Thats a big big let down and it just demolishes repeat value for your parks. I had just driven 400 miles for this park but cannot imagine anyone flying 4000 miles just to visit your park. Although that's how its marketed 'happiest place in the world'.Having been to Disney World in Orlando many times, I was curious to see what Disneyland was like. It was a real disappointment. Several rides were closed for scheduled maintenance, but then while we were there, Pirates of the Caribbean (my favorite) and the Matterhorn shut down with no real explanation. We finally gave up and went next door to California Adventure. You can definitely tell that it is a newer park, and very well done. Disneyland, we won't be back.i used to live down the street from Disneyland back in the 1980's..went there once..was very small but I had been to Disney world several times before going there...went back last year to take my 5 y o daughter...very crowded..most of the people were rude..long lines to go the rides and this was after using the kiosks to go ahead..only went to Disneyland and not to California adventure...I will go back in an off season  timegrad nite! no more like nightmare grads .  smoking pot , popping pills & being totally disrespectful & the better of the rides were brokenI paid over $400 to take my 2 daughters to Disneyland and California Adventure. I think Walt Disney would be rolling over in his grave if he saw how overpriced his park has become. What made it even worse is that we wasted 4 hours in the evening waiting for rides that eventually broke down just before we made it to the front of the line.This was very disappointing and not because it's smaller but because the staff does not have the Disney Spirit. Not friendly, not helpful, I could not find the mission of a Disney  to Create Happiness  they just didn't have any of that. Seems to me the park needs a dose os Pixie Dust to bring back the Magic that Disney has guilts it's reputation on. Not that I want to sound like a downer, but the first thing which really annoyed me was the ridiculous amounts of babies in prams getting pushed around in a place where it's more suited for children who actually have an understanding of Disney characters and can actually ride on the ride attractions. For myself I'm old enough to appreciate the place itself for the joy it can bring everyone which it did for me but I was expecting some thrill rides which they don't really have in either parks which was a let down for myself but I shouldn't forget that Disney is more about the movies and characters. For kids this place is great but not for babies! If you don't like crowds I wouldn't go during peak season. I was lucky to go after spring break (in April 2013) had finished and didn't have to wait too long for rides. I'm looking forward to going to the Disneyworld in Orlando next May 2015!I have been to Disneyland 6 times in my life at various ages and this was the first trip taking my own children. The magic has changed. Here are the challenges:Crowded. Disney has become a hangout on the weekends for the residents of OC and I totally understand that, it is in their backyard. That makes the weekend days literally packed to the point where you seriously cannot walk down the streets.Long lines. Not all rides have Fast Passes and some you would think should don't.Closed rides. We did not realize know that several major rides were closed. It's a Small World, Big Thunder Mtn, Splashdown, and finding Nemo were all closed at the same time? That left very little selection of the other popular rides which made the lines even worse.Rides breaking. It took 3 days for my parents to finally get on to Indiana Jones because ti kept breaking. I waited over 45 mins inside Indiana Jones while they tried to fix it. Pirates broken down as well while we were on it and waited 45 mins in the dark while they fixed. And Cars broke down too! It was crazy and disappointing not to mention wasted valuable vacation time to navigate the crowds and lines elsewhere.Travelling with kids and thinking you can do the switch out at the front of the line does not always work so be prepared to wait longer so everyone can do the rideNot as clean as it used to beEarly Morning entry did not include some major rides which was frustrating even though those rides are in the open sectionDid I mention long lines?Summary:I guess the condition of the park was surprising. Run down some. The staff still amazing.The food options limited due to closures. The souvenirs expensive of courseThe tourist destination feel gone (at 3 pm and all weekend the park fills with locals)The parade was great despite Cinderella's demotionI miss the gondola, the people movers, and of course not being able to show my little girls it's a Small World. Grrr We really would have reconsidered our trip had we known. We saved a ton of money to take the grandparents away for their birthdays and have our first trip to Disney as a family. So check ahead on the rides. Also go during the week. Avoid the weekends, and holidays and the afternoons when people get off work and school for a better shot at rides and less crowds.At the end of day, the girls loved it still which is all that matters but were worn out from the crowds fast. So many tired, hot, sad, crying, kids there:( and strollers everywhere! Very different if you have not been back there since the 90's like me.We went to California adventure park and were so impressed. It was magical and could not wait to get to disneyland. Once inside Disneyland it was terrible, old no characters nor were there any professional photos. If you have little daughters granddaughter that love disney princess then recommend. Definitely would recommend california adventure park. $500 for a family of five for a day out and not one queue under half an hour. Four rides broken including two main ones. Several rides broke down including the Haunted House (several times   kind of removes the scariness for the kids when an announcer keeps interrupting the show). Many rides well out of date now and the place was simply too crowded.It is obvious that the owners of Disneyland are not spending any money on this park. Buildings are looking a little worn, and need to be painted. 4 rides were broken down while we were there. At $96 person, I do not expect there to be any broken rides! Also, 2 vendors were too busy arguing with each other to notice we were in line for service. Terrible experience!! I will not be back!!Yes, we went at Christmas; but I've been to Disneyworld at Christmas and it was NEVER this crowded. The problem is that there are only two parks to which thousands and thousands of people can go: the main Disneyland Park and California Adventure. Their gates are right across from each other. Disneyworld has the main park, Epcot Center, MGM Studios, two water parks, a zoo, etc., to which thousands and thousands of people can go. So, there's no comparison to which is less crowded at Christmastime. So, my advice. Just don't go to Disneyland. Leave it to the people who have annual passes and the people who live in Anaheim. OR, if you go, don't go for the rides. Just go to see the first Disney park ever opened. However, don't expect to be able to walk very fast as you literally WADE your way through the vast sea of people.Our family of six recently visited and we came away extremely disappointed and will not ever go back. Ticket price was $96 person after paying for parking. Cost of food and drinks inside the park was outrageous. We were there about 10 hours and we rode five rides. On average we waited 1.5 hours for a ride. Space Mountain was closed indefinitely. Three of our four kids are 16 year old triplets and we have a 10 year old as well. This park is best suited for kids10 and under. All the rides we rode had a personal thrill factor of a 1 on a scale of 1 to 5 (5 being best). Our family agreed that the best part of the visit was the fireworks that night, which were very well done. Disney World in Orlando is far and away the better deal, although it is expensive as well.The name of this place should be changed to Disneyline Park. We went here for 3 days with 2 kids age 6 and 7. There are so many people there and most of them walk so slow that it takes forever to get somewhere and when you do, the wait times are so long that you can't do some of the rides. Even using FastPass every 2 hours made it difficult to do everything. Some of the rides like Cars didn't have Fastpass available. We used the park hopper and were glad we did. The California Adventure was much better than Disneyland. You were able to get on the roller coaster fairly easy and they also had FastPass and single rider that helped my son be able to ride the coaster a couple of times. One of the must do things there is the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. Even though we had FastPass and we waited for 40 minutes, the ride was worth it. The 3D shows that we saw were also really good. You should make sure you see the one at bugs. Our kids loved that one. One thing that bothered me was that they took our picture when we first came in the park but then kept checking our ID every time we went from one park to the next. I think that when you pay the money that you have to wait in long lines and eat overpriced food, they could at least not harass you every time you come in the park. Despite all this, I think the kids had more fun than not so we would  consider  doing it again if on the west coast.Park was dirty. Four of the main rides were either closed down or closed numerous times during the day. It's a Small World (closed)Paid for 2 One Day One Park Passes as my granddaughter, who lives there has a premium annual pass. We chose DisneyLand as our  Park  because we thought it might be less busy. We spent a lot of money for 3 rides venues for our 6 hour ordeal. Many rides not even in up and running, and the Temple of Doom ride broke down after being in that line for over 30 minutes for which we were told  it will be back up soon, sorry for the inconvenience . We checked later and found out it was a good thing we didn't wait any longer than 10 minutes because it never got back to  running  as far as when we left at 5pm. Disney is a rip off unless you just want to continue to supplement the annual pass holders, or you have a strong desire to pay a great deal of money for merely people watching. It is sad to see the park we honeymooned in some 45 years ago and were made  happy , fade into just another money making scheme. Why in the world will they not put a reasonable cap on the number of attendees into this park. I was blown away that the Day Pass for One venue (DisneyLand) costs 96% of a Ben Franklin! Oh, and did I mention parking? You won't get much change from an Andrew Jackson. Oh, and did I mention there is no  Senior  discount, or any other discount available at the door. It is still beautiful and colorful, but the ambience of  fun  is no longer there. Walt would be sorely disappointed in the manner this park is run.I have been to Disneyland numerous of times and I am so disappointed as to what has come to. The prices are way too expensive. Fast pass or not, you are still waiting in line for at least 1 hour no matter what ride it is. It doesn't matter if you have kids or just adults, it's not fun for anyone. I would save up the money and go to Disney World instead.The park just simply can not handle that many people. Not to be rude but why do so very many people feel yhe need to bring babies to the park?!?! Everything scares the heck out of them, people just stop in the mitdde of foot traffic to tend to the baby, they leave them all over the place and 1 2 the parents are too busy texting to discipline the 5 yr old that is pushing the baby in the stroller all over in front of people. Leave your texting life at home and enjoy the park...maybe baby can stay with grandma for the day? Disney...rethink max occupancy!! Let me start by saying that I am a huge Disney fan who's dragged my family to Disneyland once (sometimes twice) a year for the last 25 years. Our last few visits have been okay, nothing stellar, but after our visit this year, I think I'm finally ready to hang up my Mickey ears. We visited the first week of June and were surprised to see that Space Mountain was down for refurbishment. Why wouldn't that take place during the off season? In addition, there were prolonged breakdowns of Indiana Jones, Big Thunder Mountain, and Splash Mountain during the ONE DAY we visited. So we headed over to California Adventure, only to find that California Screamin' and the new Radiator Springs Racers were also down for part of the day, and Grizzly River Run was closed for refurbishment. If I am now paying $150 for a one day park hopper ticket, I have some expectations that the rides will at least be working. With all the big rides down, everyone was funneled into the smaller rides, so lines were extremely long.We expected Disneyland to be crowded, but it was absolutely bursting at the seams, and every pathway was congested by 11:00 a.m. We had planned to stay and watch Fantasmic, but the crowds just became too much, and we left at 7:00 p.m. The overall cleanliness of the park left something to be desired as well, with dirty bathrooms the norm, and trash noticed along Main Street. The quality of the merchandise has gone downhill, too, as we found nothing worth purchasing in any of the stores. My daughter was particularly disappointed that there was absolutely no Olaf merchandise (from Frozen), which you think would have been everywhere. Overall, it was a disappointing trip, and the entire family concluded that we did not need to visit there again anytime soon.Went here after trip across the USA. Having visited Disney world in Florida we were very disappointed with this park in relation to Florida.About a quarter of the size, and the castle is tiny, hence very packed expensive and limited rides and attractions. Only spent 7 hours there as there were not enough interesting things to do.Don't waste the time and money....Spend the airfare and get the full experience.I was so excited to go to the happiest place on Earth with my four kids just a week ago. We did prepare for our trip by using ridemax which helped a lot. We were able to ride almost everything. I would never ever recommend someone go to Disneyland without a plan set out. We saw only 2 characters during our 14 hour visit. They clearly do not have any kind of crowd control going on because it was busier there than Disney World at Christmas! The employees are not as friendly as the cast members at Disney World. In fact a few times they were just downright rude. As we got our hands stamped to leave an employees said to my son,  Hey KID, its THIS WAY!  and thats just not what you get at Disney World. The cast members there (disney world) are taught to treat customers with respect even if they are small. It was not magical and it was way over crowded. You'd think that for as much as they charge to get in, they could manage the crowds a little better. If you hate crowds you will definitely want to skip Disneyland. We were at the front of the line at rope drop and we went straight to Peter Pan's flight and the line was already wrapped around the building. It was total Chaos there. During the parades you are shoulder to shoulder. Once you've been to Disney World, Disneyland is just one big let down. We got to the fireworks an hour early and had to sit almost all the way to the buildings on main street and then we walked straight to fantasmic and there was no seating left. The employee we encountered there was also rude. If you want the experience of Disney but can't make it to Disney World then by all means go just make sure you go EARLY and have a plan (I suggest ridemax). If you want a truly magical experience, skip it and fly to Orlando instead. I am glad we got to mark it off our bucket list but we will not go back.CROWDED. We had a family member who had not been. i dont think i will go back. long wait for rides. for 90.00 per, i would rather  visit knott's berry farm.I am a DVC member and visit Disneyworld at least once every year or two. I have always found it impeccable. I assumed that would have been the same for Disneyland. Oh, so not true. I recently visited for 2 days. The first day, I went at night around 8:00, since the park didn't close until 12;00, or I thought. It was open but 3 4 of the rides were not running. Many of the restaurants were closed. We went to pizza plaza, and they were closing at 10:00. I entered at 9:45 and you could visibly see the staff was not happy about that. The pizza was cold. Most of the other counter entrees were closed. Most disturbing was the attitudes of the staff. The floor looked like it hadn't been swept all day. I couldn't wait to get out of there. Unfortunately, the staff attitudes are the same among the employees throughout the park. I felt like I was at islands of adventure when schools were taking their trips. Although there were many families there,MIT was overrun with obnocious teenagers and everything was out of control. The cast could care less on the rides while they are part of the experience in Florida. Who was yawning, and who Was yelling at kids not to do certain things seemed to be the run of of the day. We went to California Adventure the following day and found it to be cleaner but that was in the morning, but there was no difference in the cast demeanor. It just felt like they didn't want to be there,It's hard to imagine how different the two resorts are. Save your money and go to Florida.The park itself is lovely and very detailed, but it seems like it is run down by the management.A lot of the main attractions were closed for refurbishment or other reasons when we were there. Among others:  Finding Nemo ,  It's A Small World ,  Indiana Jone's Adventure  and  Pirates Of The Caribbean .While we tried to enter  Innovations  the fire alarm went off and the building had to be evacuated.After that we were waiting in the sun for an hour to go for a ride in the  Matterhorn Bobsleds , only to be told that there was a technical failure and it wouldn't continue for at least another half hour.By noon it got very crowded in the park and it was almost impossible to enter any of the remaining major attractions without Disney's Fastpass or standing in line for hours.No fun at all.Traveling from out of town, Disneyland is not a cheap venture. Slightly frustrating but the kids loved it.Keep in mind a few things, park hopper tickets are $150 per person, food is terrible and terribly expensive, none of the carts will give you water, rides are breaking down randomly and frequently. Does the cost of just getting into the park justify the experience... Just barely. Bring your own food and understand that the math is not in your favor. I.e. I drove from Arizona with my family of 4 and didn't have to pay for a hotel, in conclusion (and being very frugal) we rode 15 rides, dived that by the cost of everything (gas, tickets, parking, food, very little souvenirs) the total expense per ride was $42 a pop. Ya... Sink that thought In after you ride mr toads wild adventure.. The breaking point for me was, we were directed to park in the  lot  this is not the garage were there are trams to take you back and fourth. At the end of the night, we had 2 sleeping children in our arms walking all the way through down town Disney to finally reach our car and it (I kid you not) took an hour to get out...I can not wait for my kids to be of magic mountain age.. We use to go to Disneyland. This park is out of control way to many people and the cost is in insane, How can average paying people go here anymore waste of money..My family went here on early May and nearly half of the rides were closed for routine maintenance getting ready for the summer season. Not only was this disappointing for the kids and adults alike but there was no discount in the entry fee. As so many rides were closed the ones that were open were overcrowded with huge waiting times.We had a 3 day pass for Disneyland and our visit was planned for the week after Spring break to make sure that we avoided the crowds. I have visited Disneyland twice before, once 25 years ago and then again with my husband 7 years ago so I certainly have something to compare this visit with. My husband and I had a two day pass 7 days ago and we got around all of the rides on the first day and went back the 2nd day to ride the ones that we really loved another time or two. One of the rides that we loved was Space Mountain with its fast rollercoaster and scenery of the Universe. I think we did it 3 times back then. Well...those days are over.The crowds are so dense right from the long wait first thing in the morning as you queue to get your bags checked and then queue again to get your ticket checked. Took us over an hour to get in the gate and the same thing happened on the Magic morning pass   queuing for over an hour just to get in and this is supposed to be a quieter time! Once in, more crowds, so dense that walking along the pathways is reduced to the speed of the crowd. Strollers and buggies clog up the walkways as we tried to navigate between them to get our fastpasses. We managed two Fastpasses on the first day but the third one required us to return 5 hours later in order to use it and the standard queues at the rides had reached around 1 1 2 hours standing time so on the first day we only tried out 3 rides and gave up in the end.The next day, even with the magic morning pass, the queue for the Matterhorn Bobsleds was over an hour once we got off our first ride and the queue for The Cars ride was an hour and a half. I don't know what happened to the Space Mountain ride since the last time we were on it but we had the initial Warp type laser set up and then we were in pitch black for the whole of the 3 minute rollercoaster ride...what a fizzer. On the third day we decided that we would head straight for the Indiana Jones ride that had been closed for maintenance for a couple of weeks and had opened again the day before. We grabbed a Fast Pass but it still took around 35 minutes of queuing to get on the ride. The other main queue for this ride was sitting around an hour and a half. Once on the ride it was all fun and games until about three quarters of the way through when it broke down and we sat in the jeeps for about 10 minutes while they tried to fix it. No good though so the ride was closed down and the huge long queue of people waiting all had to reverse direction and head back out....what a waste of their time! Trying to get between parks to book Fast Passes and then return for the rides became so onerous and exhausting with the packed throughways that we gave up and left Disneyland without having been on all of the rides and well and truly over the place. We would not recommend it to anyone even after having done so for years and we would certainly not go back.Disney Management needs to take a serious look at the number of people that they pack through into the parks now and set some limits in order to enable people to be able to enjoy the rides without having the long queue times. Ridiculous to have to queue for 1 hour   1 1 2 hours for a 3 minute ride which basically means queuing the whole time you are there to enjoy about 20   30 minutes of rides in total for a day. Maximum numbers need to be set and then more people allowed in only once some have left. That, or find a way to shorten the wait times for the queues for the rides while reducing the packed and crowded thoroughfares.We recently visited Disneyland California a trip that we saved up for and that I spent months planning for to ensure the most magical vacation for my family. I asked numerous  cast members  if the time was a good time to go and every one of them replied with an enthusiastic  YES!  It turns out it was as crowded as the times I have visited in June and July in the past. Though the rides and shows were as magical as ever we spent three days there and weren't able to do half of what we wanted because it was so packed. The food was substandard and some of the cast members were less than friendly. It is sad because it seems that all things Disney have strayed far from the original goal of Walt Disney. It now appears to be more about the money, for an already wealthy big business, than the magic. I understand the concept of supply and demand and that if it were super cheap then it would be even more over crowded but how about limiting the number of visitors per day. One of the cast members told us that capacity for Disneyland alone was 80,000 aprox. that is insane . It was not yet at capacity, because they were not turning people away at the gates, and we could not walk down the street in a group. people were irritable and at times rude because we were trying to do what everyone else was doing which was to get through the crowds. I do not feel like we got our money's worth because of the number of things we did not get to do and the food was not what I would consider typical Disney quality it was however much more expensive than what I remember paying 3 years ago. This all makes me very sad because for me Disney has always been magical. I enthusiastically counted down the days to our trip with the kids only to be so let down. I hate to say that Disney has really lost the magic for me. The curtain was pulled back and the true motive of Disney revealed. If you want to have a fun family vacation in today's economy find some place that needs your money rather than generating more wealth for the wealthy and merely being pushed through like cattle.Bat day or better known as Goth day out, Some of the visitors were downright scary.. unsavoury family with a Pitt bull on a lead in the park, 8 rides in total broke or closed for repair, One staff commented OMG its such a stressful day lol . much prefer Orlando its paradise compared to Disneyland Anaheim.Our first trip to Disneyland was ruined by the massive crowds and number of closed attractions. While the California Adventure park was not nearly as crowded as Disneyland, there were still one  to two hour waits for most rides and attractions, and the FastPass availability was either for very late in the day or nonexistent. Disneyland was so crowded, it was impossible to walk in the park, and waits for rides and attractions were two to three hours. So many rides and attractions were closed, as well, including many of the most popular ones. Food prices were actually not too terrible, and the food itself was good to very good. In particular, we enjoyed the Sonoma Terrace, which had some good wines and a wonderful terrace on which to enjoy them. However, we will never return, as the price of admission was a poor value for what we were able to do.Long lines, expensive food, nothing new and where was Mickey??? We went to Disneyland 5 years earlier and nothing new. What was missing were the characters. Hardly saw any characters and when we did they were only out for a short amount of time. Overpriced and not worth a second visit.I took my 5 year old grand daughter and her mom to Disneyland at the end of April. I was very disappointed in this trip. The line were at least 1 1 2   hours long to be on a ride 4 5 minutes. The weather was in the upper 90's. A lot of the rides were down for maintenance and people were just not real nice. Employees were very helpful but I felt bad for the children having to wait so long to go on rides. I understand this is a very popular attraction but it all about the children and the lines were just way to long.Was so looking forward to this trip with our 3 kids and disappointing is an understatement. We flew all the way from Manila with this attraction foremost in our minds. 5 major attractions   Pirates of the Caribbean, Big Thunder Mountain, Space Mountain, Splash Mountain and Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage were closed or was told to get out of line (after an hour of waiting) because the rides had broken down. Whats left of the Disneyland trip after these 5 main attractions. Our kids were heartbroken. Not sure when we will have this same opportunity again.I waited a couple weeks after returning from our California trip to let my thoughts about Disneyland sink in. We have never been to Disneyland or Disneyworld for that matter so we were novices. We only scheduled one day at the park and looking back on it i wish we had skipped it. First off let me tell all those who are worried about crowds  there is good reason to be. We went on a Monday at the end of April and i have never seen crowds like that  and don't want to again. We basically paid $300 (entrance for 3) to wait in line all day to ride four rides. I'm sorry  but that's ridiculous. Rides are fun, but the shortest queue we came across was 90 minutes. Many of the rides were closed for maintenance so maybe that put more stress on the operating rides, I   m not sure. The fast pass did help a couple of times and yes, we got right on the rides, but that whole process is ridiculous as well. This cheerful attitude that is always mentioned in these reviews was not present on the day we visited except by the parking attendant. Maybe i need a fast pass for that as well? The food and souvenirs are beyond ridiculous in price. Amusement parks are supposed to be fun. Disneyland is not.We have been to Disneyworld in Florida 4 times and once in Eurodisney in Paris. Disneyland California was such a disappointment in comparison. Pirates of the Carribean closed. Matterhorn broke down after a 40 minute wait just as we got into toboggan. Went Indiana Jones. After 30 minute wait the ride broke down. Went later on in the day waited 40 minutes got to the entrance ride broke down again. Areas of the park closed for beautification. But above all it lacked the magical experience we have become used to with Disney.Cast members seemed disinterested. Is it not time to replace Captain EO. Played to theatre which was a quarter full. It was so dated. Disneyland California needs major investment. Its a Small World closed. Finding Nemo closedWhat can you say about Disneyland. For my wife and I, including parking, was $200.00 just to get in the gate. We went on 5 6 14 on a Tuesday, figuring that school was still in session so it wouldn't be crowded. Boy was I wrong, it was crowded.The following rides where closed: Indian Jones Adventure Pirates of the Caribbean Small World   my wife's favorite Finding Nemo Sub Voyage Sailing Ship ColumbiaIf there going to close rides, I wish they would publish it on their web site in a place that can be easily found.The following rides broke down while we were there. Roger Rabbits car toon spin Peter Pans Flight Haunted MansionWe where in the Haunted Mansion when it went down, just beyond where you get out of the elevator, before you get to the cars. It was crowed and hot. They kept announcing that the ride would start in a little bit. So more and more people came out of the elevator, and it got more crowded and even hotter.The bottom line was it was about an hour before they admitted it wasn't going to run, they apologized, and promised everybody some kind of Disney Bucks, that didn't happen either.We did find some rides that worked and some good places to eat, that rescued the day.I do recommend the Soft Pineapple Ice Cream at the Tiki Room, Delicious.We've been to Disneyworld several times and decided to take our kids to Disneyland this year and boy was it not worth it. Many of the rides were out of commission   Small World, Pirates etc. and wait times at other rides were LONG. We also found it quite crowded. Our kids did not like it too much so that was our first and last time visiting. One positive is the ample parking in the Covered Parking Garage   a nice plus not having to go back to a scorching car at the end of the day.For a family of four spending $800 for ONE DAY at a park, there should be a lot of rides to be experienced. Sadly, five rides in one day does not cut it. It was extremely disappointing. The Jungle Cruise, usually a 10 minute wait, was an hour. I'm a Southern California resident so I know this park like the back of my hand. My husband and I experienced a first while waiting in line for this ride. Seriously, in the 100 plus times I've been on this ride, I've never gone UPSTAIRS and INTO another building while waiting in line. This is absurd. Splash Mountain was closed. Star Tours and Indiana Jones both had 90  minute waits. REALLY? IT GETS WORSE. THERE WAS A LINE for Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln (the exhibit that NEVER has a line). Needless to say, it was almost a total waste of $800. We did end up just going down Main Street and checking out every store because we just wanted to get away from the mass of humanity. I hate to complain but there are things that have changed at Disneyland.My biggest complaint, and one that Disney can't do anything about, is that modern technology has made walking through the park a painful experience. I was constantly getting run into or my toes stepped on because people (young and old alike) were too busy looking down at their SmartPhones instead of looking at where they were going. When it's VERY CROWDED, this is a HUGE problem. I ended up with a torn toenail (I was wearing closed toe shoes) because some idiot walked right into me and scoffed the top of my foot with his hiking boot.ANOTHER PROBLEM: While we waited 30 minutes to buy our tickets, my husband's credit card was declined. Turns out the credit card company thought there was some suspicious activity on the card and temporarily suspended it. While my husband was on the phone talking with the credit card company, the window where we were trying to buy tickets closed. I asked the security guard if we had to go to another line and wait again. Yep, we did. The credit card company re activated my husband's credit card and we had to wait another 30 minutes in another line. The whole time my husband was fuming at a seemingly uncaring security guard. Come on, Disney. This is bad customer service. So is allowing these double wide strollers into the park, ESPECIALLY when there is a parade going on. You can't move around well and you get rammed by these strollers because the parents pushing them don't have any perspective.Food wise, it was better than usual. We ate at the Bengal BBQ (across from Jungle Cruise) and the spicy kebabs were surprisingly good. Yes, one kebab won't fill you up, but we ordered a bunch of different stuff and were very happy with the quality. It is not typical Disney fare. Finally. props to the cast members at Haunted House and Pirates of the Caribbean. The lines were long but the line was constantly moving, which is a good thing. The wait was about 45 minutes for each ride. Food wise, I HIGHLY recommend the kebabs at Bengal Barbecue. Also, the burgers at Taste Pilot (California Adventure) are good. If you have the luxury of making reservations and want a real Disney experience, eat a Monte Cristo (at $25, it's the cheapest entree on the menu) at the Blue Bayou. Note: for a family of four, you won't get out of here for less than a $100. If you can afford to splurge, eat at Napa Rose at California Adventure. It's outstanding. Local resident tip: If you happen to visit this park in December, don't miss the ride It's a Small World. They change all of the doll's costumes to reflect a winter theme. ALSO... check out the fire station on Main Street with your little ones. You can decorate holiday cookies with the firemen and keep the cookies!Disney is a terrific place with lots to commend it. Parades, shows, people, organisation all very good. However 6 rides closed in Magical Kingdom and 2 rides in California Adventure park very disappointing. Even worse was that other rides kept breaking down. Yet the ticket prices were the same high prices. Sad to say but despite lots of things to credit the park on this is no longer value for money. Too expensive to have so many rides out of action at the same time and all the other ones including some of the newer rides (like Cars) breaking down and being closed for long periods during the day.Also a hint if you are just going for the fireworks display, then save your money, and go to an Angels game on a Saturday night. Fireworks there are spectacular and beat Disney easily. You can get outfield tickets for about $15 to $20 I think. We paid $30 for semi decent seats but we wanted to see the game too.We went with the kids, if you are around, I guess you have to go to Disneyland. It is clearly not worth the money. In a private conversation I would use other words, but not in a public forum...Far too little rides, even if all of them worked   which they didn't. Substantial parts of the park closed for renovation. The rides as such are not exciting. The waiting times horrible   I guess, you could try to change something, but it would not suffice anyway. We waited 30 45 minutes for each ride, and that was on a Monday, working day.And you know what? We were there for 5 hours and did not see one single character!!! That is what is in all the advertising and what the kids would have enjoyed a lot, but we met not a single one. And that was the hugest disappointment.We visited April 27th Through April 30th........a lot of great attractions were closed for refurbishment...which we DID know, as it IS posted on their website (you have to go to the park calendar for this information).....but it was the only time we could go, and it was a trip booked back in January......I understand that there has to be time set aside for refurbishment..and totally appreciate it, but I am not sure I understand why so many of the main rides would need to be closed at the same time....why not stagger popular rides and less popular rides over periods of time rather doing them all at once! yikes!....We have always gone to DL every few years.....this is the first time we've been back in about 3 or 4...and the magic was just not there......it was SUPER crowded, even with a crowd rating of 2 ??!! Strollers EVERYWHERE, screaming babies everywhere, and pushy people everywhere. There were ornery cast members (which I've never seen  ever!), and the park was not as pristine and clean as usual. Things were sticky, and trashes overflowed. And the early morning thing   holy heck! We are huddled into a large mass then set off to run. It's dangerous...and pointless......one extra hour is not enough to do anything anyway (it used to be!). And I was disappointed that fast passes for Racers are gone in just a few hours of the park opening. There needs be a different method. It would be better to limit entry than make people stomp on each other. It would also be better if the park was open longer hours. Both parks, with the exception of Sunday, opened at 10 and closed at 8. Good Grief! On a positive note, this was the first time we were able to catch  The Magic World of Color  and it was awesome.Don't get me wrong, I love all about Disney, the magic, the princess, everything and I'm coming to Disneyland since I was a little girl, but... In the past last years it just seems like is always so packed, lots and lots of people and kids crying and parents getting frustrated everywhere. I have 3 small children, not babies but ages 4 8, it is really hard to keep them happy walking in the heat, waiting lonnnnngggggg lines for every ride. I have a son with a disability, and the past 2 years it was easier with the handicap pass to wait in line, but this year everything is different, they changed everything, so people with disabilities, they have to wait in the sun, like everyone else, they give you this small book and you can ask for a ride one at a time, waiting 1 to 2 hours to go to that ride and Still wait for about 15 min in the heat. Another thing they changed, before, we could go with our son in small parties, maximum 6 per handicap person. Now, it seems like they can put dozens in one party, so, waiting time is longer. I really don't know if we are coming back to Disney, I don't think is worth the price or the effort. Oh, another thing, we found like 6 rides closed this time, Nemo, Pirates, Small World, Indiana Jones, they should at least discount the price of the ticket if they are going to close half of the park. Really Disney, step it up.It pains me to write this review. As a child, neither my husband nor I ever got to visit neither Disneyland nor Walt Disney World. 30 years later we spent months planning and saving to take our 4 year old and 2 year old to Disneyland. To say I was excited would be putting it mildly. Both my husband and I were so disappointed. We were in the park April 29 May 2, Disneyland's  off season.  Wow, if that is the off season I can't even imagine what a busy season is like. The crowds were absolutely horrible. Crowds don't bother me but it was just horrible in the parks. The wait times were unbelievable. It really sucks the  magic  out of the vacation when your toddler and preschooler tell you how much fun they had on a ride and you have to tell them it will be another 45 min   1 hour wait before they can get on another ride and experience that 2 minutes of  magic  again. Opening was absolute chaos. People were pushing and shoving, knocking children over, and running like animals. I got ran over by a stroller more than once. There has to be a better way to handle opening. We had a magic morning and it was the worst day, it was of no benefit. Many rides were closed (more than listed on their website) and or broke down several times.The weather was very hot (record temps for April May), totally out of Disney's control, however we overheard workers commenting on how Disney raised the price on water. Really, come on, do you want families to have a good time (and stay hydrated) or do you want to squeeze every single dollar you can out of them? We didn't personally notice because we brought our own water every day. Bring your own water!The line to meet the Frozen characters was crazy. My 4 year old loves Frozen, we reenact the movie every day, we sing the songs, we watch the movie   she's obsessed. It was a must do for us. The day we set aside to meet them they opened at 10am. We had Magic Morning at 9am. We lined up at the entrance at 8:15am. We were respectful and walked (not ran, not knocked over children, not pushed and shoved) straight there. We finally met them at noon. In the 2 hours from the Frozen meet and greet opening until we met them they took 3 breaks. The line is in complete sun and moves at a snail's pace. At noon the wait time was over 4 hours. The character interaction was very good I must say, but again being Disney and having done this for how many years, isn't there more of an efficient way?We did two character dining   breakfast at Ariel's Grotto and Surf's Up with Mickey. I will post separate reviews but briefly   Ariel's was pretty good. Surf's Up was pretty good but I was disgusted at one point. We had purchased an autograph book but I forgot it in the hotel room. My daughter was so sad. I asked for a piece of paper or even the back for a receipt to get some signatures to paste in the book. They refused to give us anything and instead suggested we go and buy another autograph book. Paying $96 for breakfast and they can't spare a piece of paper? Wasn't Walt's vision for a nice place for families to spend time together. An experience like this just drives home the fact that they are trying to squeeze every dollar out of guests and not create an experience. We left with a very disappointed 4 year old! We had to spend time in line at Mickey's house to get an autograph, shouldn't have had to do that when we paid nearly $100 for breakfast. There were some things that were done very well. The Disney Jr. Live on Stage show at California Adventure was awesome, a must see. The parades (both at DL & DCA) were great. Fireworks were good. The Toy Story Mania ride at DCA was really fun (long wait first thing in the morning though).I would not recommend Disneyland for toddlers or preschoolers. I think that is such a shame to say, wasn't Walt's vision for the park to be someplace for the whole family to enjoy...Paid full price for a 5 day Park Hopper, only to arrive from Canada and discover that many of the rides were closed for repair. I don't believe full price should be charged for an attraction park that only seems to have the souvenier stores open.Staff were nowhere near as friendly as other times I've visited. On our first day in the park, we waited over an hour just to get our tickets. Several booths are available, but not staffed. For the amount charged per ticket, I would have expected staff to be present.Didn't see too many of the characters strolling through the park. This was also a bit disappointing, considering not many of the rides were functioning. I don't feel I received a good value for my ticket costs.All in all, this was a very disappointing trip.We just returned from Disneyland. The cost keeps going up, and the value keeps going down. There were so many rides closed: Indiana Jones, Pirates of the Caribbean, It's a Small World, the canoes, Ariel's UnderSea Adventure, the River Rapids, Alice in Wonderland, and Finding Nemo. Rodger Rabbit broke down, as well as the new Cars Ride. It was close to 100', and they didn't have any water misters anywhere to help cool down. We literally ran out of things to do, and all the park cast members could recommend was shopping, and restaurants. Yes, let me go spend more money. One cast member told me that I should check the ride schedule before I come so I will know in advance that the rides are closed. What can you do after you've taken vacation days, and purchased airfare? I felt that was totally out of touch with reality. It's a theme park. You go there to do rides. Recently went on a trip to Disneyland in Anaheim with the family.Considering how much we spent on 3 park hopper tickets, you would think the  magical experience they sell everyone would be magical.It was by far not very magical at all.They do charge for parking if you drive. We were there with a 3 day park hopper.We went what we thought was slow period after Easter break. That was not the case. First day we were there, the park was very crowded and filled with locals. The park opened at 8 :00 am. We arrived at 7:15 am. Good thing we did. The crowds and lines of people at the gate were horrible.Secondly, the rat race to get to the rides at park opening was absolutely horrible. People were literally running with their children so they could go to the ride of their choice so they wouldn't have to wait in line    and they also ran to the fast pass machines as well. If i had known this was a marathon I would have packed my running clothes. Fast pass machines ran out of tickets in 20 minutes. THe wait times for standby were absolutely terrible later in the afternoon.The sheer amount of strollers and parents who bring their infants    is just overwhelming. They are parked all over   . very hard to squeeze through strollers with screaming children and crowds.Wait times for the Frozen princesses   if you are looking to do that    have daily wait times of 3 4 hours. In turn you see hundreds of tired, crabby, children waiting for hours. Very poorly run. You would think Disney would plan it out better.We experienced much of the same on the other side at California Adventure    their most popular ride is Radiator Springs Cars ride. We had to run to that ride   .because the daily wait times vary from 1.5  3 hrs. While standing in line the ride did stop    it broke down, they got it up and running, however that pushed the morning wait time to over an hour first thing.Unfortunately if you want a low wait time for this ride, your only choice is stay at a resort property and have a magic morning at California Adventure. Otherwise   . the fast pass for the regular patrons is gone very quickly and standby times are very long. If you are a single ride    waits can be from 45 60 min.On our last day at Disneyland we had a magic morning. It was probably the worst of the 3 days. The crowds were huge, the rat race started all over again. People running etc. Only half the park was opening for magic morning. Adventureland and Frontierland was closed. You pay all money for tickets and you have a magic morning   . how about opening the whole park!!! By closing off the 2 areas   . it got even more crowded    and there were more races. Adventureland had most of their rides close for refurbishment   . and the main attraction splash mountain was closed indefinitely due to the weather. The Big thunder railroad was also closed in Frontierland because of mechanical issues.My children left disappointed that some of their favorite rides were closed.THe park food was not healthy, standard amusement park food. Overpriced.Overall our Disney experience was a overpriced, rat race mess. To charge that much money for tickets and to have to run to rides    was not my cup of tea.Needless to say kids got to see Disney and they have no desire to go back .Disappointing experience   . I will spend my vacation money elsewhere    and have a nicer vacation somewhere else.My husband has never experienced any Disney theme park in his life so on a week long visit to So Cal our friends said that we must take him. (I wanted to go to Catalina island). Alas, we went on a Wednesday. First of all there is no benefit to visiting the website as no deals are to be found and updates on park rides are not present. After paying our huge daily fee we spent the next 12 hours walking huge distances to discover 2 of their major rides out for service and 1 stopped for the day to be fixed. No where on their site did it mention this. Therefore leaving us huge lines for the rest. I was also shocked to discover the age of the attractions, everything seemed so tired. The worst part was our experience to get a photo with Minnie Mouse. On 3 separate occasions within 2 hours, we approached to get in line and were told she would be leaving for her break. Did she ever get one? How many do they get? Are there not more people playing the roles? Yes, it looked like kids were enjoying seeing the characters, eating yummy stuff, and spending the day in the park. But as an adult trip, it was not enjoyable to walk so far to see an attraction. I was expecting so many more rides closer together. The parade was well done, fireworks a big hit, and having a locker helped but our family will never return for an adventure.Over priced to many rides shut down, will not be back. Universal studios much better. Disney is not the happiest place on earth, people not that friendly.Just returned from an April 21st to April 24th visit. WAY too crowded! I thought maybe we would miss most of the Spring Breakers but it seems not. We have been to Disneyland and Disney World in previous years, when the kids were younger, and man, what has happened? Over population I guess. It's now just a crowded, run down, big amusement park. We paid extra money (regret it) to stay at a so called on resort hotel ( honestly some Best Westerns are closer than the Disney resorts) so we could take advantage of the extra Magic Hour. What Disney does not state on their web site, nor do the hotels, is that most of the park is closed during this  extra magic hour . So we still end up waiting in line ups. Fantasy Land is the only section open during this time. So Frontier land, Tomorrow Land and Adventure Land you will get to go in at the same time as the rest of the public who are NOT paying $400 a night and more. So you feel like a sucker. We were disappointed that Indiana Jones ride was closed for refurbishment as were other rides. If your Park Hopper Pass doesn't have a photo ID, bring one to enter the park, they will hassle you about seeing photo ID ( it does not state on the pass that you will need photo ID) Also don't forget your room key if you are staying at the resort hotel and are going for that so called extra hour. Washroom: very few in the Disney Park, California Adventure Land is better set up and overall a much cleaner park.Line jumpers. Pretty ugly behaviour we witnessed from mothers with toddlers and young kids. We couldn't believe it. They would just walked through the line, not offering any explanation, just kept walking and jump on the ride. I think people were too bewildered to say anything. And it happened in every line up we were in. Employees don't seem to care or bother controlling this. Basically uneducated staff. Clueless.  So Disneyland, let me ask you this, with the loads of cash you're making, don't you think you could pay a few more people to pose as princesses and characters in the Park? 3 to 4 hour long waits to see the Frozen Characters!!?? What a scam. And parents too stupid to walk away with their little kids, who end up crying in line from fatigue and being hot. Unreal. Couldn't there be 4 or 5 stations around the park with these characters?? Instead of making it exclusive like that? Crazy!! Oh and be ready for the sea of strollers. They take up more than half the park. Strollers everywhere! Do you think your babies will remember this experience? No. Leave your babies at home with sitters everyone will be happier.Everyone grows up with the image of Disneyland being magical. Princesses walking around smiling and greeting kids. Doesn't happen. They make the castle look huge and grand. The castle will be your first disappointment. It's not a castle. It's pretty much a covered walk way. You walk through it. There are no rooms, nothing to see. And it's way way smaller than on tv. There were no fireworks any of the evenings we were there. A nightly parade, but the streets were SO CROWDED you saw nothing, and got so tired of fighting through crowds we have up.The food is awful and so over priced. Will not be returning. Done with Disney. If you have young kids, remember that kids younger than 7 will not remember much of the visit by the time they are teens. They will get hot, tired and you will be exhausted. Wait till they are a little older. AND..... go in September, October or November. Best months by far. The rest of the year is over crowded.I have been to Disneyland and Disneyworld several times. It used to be that Disneylands charm and simplicity kept it somewhat competitive with its larger, Florida based cousin. Now, its not even close. Disneyworld seems to have an endless budget to help your kids get lost in the fantasy...especially characters dressed up everywhere. At Disneyland, we only saw two characters the entire day. The biggest difference is that because 'Land is in the middle of the same 20 million people every day, its not just a target destination for traveling families, but  frequent fliers  who are no where near as polite. At allmost every line someone would cut in front, and the employees just watched. It was very upsetting to have your toddlers and children patiently wait 40 minutes, then have to watch (typically locals) people just step in front at the last second. If you say anything, you make a scene if front of your kids. If you dont, you are not a good role model. I didnt pay several hundreds of dollars to have to deal with that...the employees should. As your kids get older, Disney overall isnt as much fun. There are only a couple of  thrill  rides, as compared to other amusement parks which have several.Having said all of that, the park is clean and the kids had a good time.My husband and I got married in the beginning of April in the Anaheim area. To celebrate our wedding we visited Disneyland CA. Our family was already in the park, when we arrived. When we tried to enter (and after we already paid of course) we were stopped by a Disney employee who uttered some words about a problem with my flowers. I thought maybe they are afraid of my flowers carying a disease that infects their plants? Anyways, a special guy (I call him the bringer of bad news guy, what an awful job) was called in and it turns out that the    real    problem was that we looked too much like prince and princess! Okay, pretty nice compliment, but not great when you look at the consequences. The guy said that in our wedding attire, we would be 'distracting' from the Disney show. So we weren't really supposed to go into the park. Okay... Not such a great start of the day, as we were waiting there for 15 minutes or more before we were even informed of this. And then the guy asked us if we brought extra clothes so we could change in regular attire etc. Of course we were not carrying any other clothes with us! I was looking forward to making pictures with my new husband in front of the pink castle in my nice dress and him with his suit, and I could see myself showing a picture to my future grandchildren, sitting in a scary ride with my wedding dress on and holding my flowers in the air, but no ... that was apparently not possible. So we told the guy we really wanted to go inside, so I suggested to wear a sweater over my dress and he finally agreed that we could enter the park if I wore my sweater, my scarf and if my husband was carrying my flowers. Well, it was chilly anyway, so I didn't mind wearing the sweater, because I thought it was good that we at least got to go into the park, as our family members already paid for their tickets and were waiting for us. However, it was a big disappointment that I couldn't take fun pictures with our full attire showing on the pictures. But, to us, it was more important to get into the park than to make a fuss over it.When we walked into the park, my husband and I discussed why Disneyland would have such a strange policy regarding people coming to celebrate their wedding. My husband thought that Disneyland was afraid of being sued if we would be rude to the children who actually thought we were a prince and princess. I thought it had something to do with all the ads I had seen online, where Disneyland is trying to sell wedding packages (then you have the ceremony and the party in the park), so I thought that maybe they don   t want other newlywed couples to    free ride    and be able to take pictures in the park if they don't pay for the full package? I know that in the Efteling, an amazing Dutch theme park that won several awards for being the best theme park in the world, loves having married couples taking pictures in their park. They even let newly weds in for free, because it   s like free publicity for them to see their theme park show up in happy wedding pictures. Also, in the minds of those newlyweds your park is forever linked to the greatest day in their lives. On top of that, people in the park always seem happy to see newlyweds, so it makes for a great experience for everyone, really. In Disneyland, too, people were happy for us and congratulating us. And yes, one girl came up to us and asked if we got married (she did NOT ask whether we were a prince and princess). When we said that was the case, she hugged us and then walked on.My husband had to make a business phone call and so we sat down on a bench. Then a group of about 8 Disney employees comes walking towards us. One older lady tells us that she has received complaints from customers about our behavior. She says that I had taken my sweater off and posed for pictures. She added that they caught us on camera, too. I was really taken aback. I felt really hurt that another customer would have said something like that about us, while it was not true! So unjust! So I told her that a girl did hug me, but that was because she congratulated us with our marriage, and that I never took my sweater off! The woman kept insisting that I did take my sweater off, that we had done something wrong and that we may have to leave the park. I finally said: well, show us the video then. And another employee was joking in a nice way: yes, let   s watch the video. I then suggested they take the flowers away. One other employee asked whether I didn   t want them. I said: of course I want to keep my wedding bouquet, but if I am not allowed to stay in Disneyland, then I will gladly give it up! Then I was allowed to keep it (well, my husband had to carry it still) and they backed down a little bit. When they walked off, one of the employees, a younger girl said that I looked gorgeous. That was nice, but I felt really hurt and distraught at that moment. It was mainly the older woman being mean, helped by the bringer of bad news. But the other employees were half heartedly following the older woman around (her orders, I guess), as I could see they thought it was ridiculous too. The young girl later came up to me and sort of apologized and gave us buttons that said    just married    and some fast track passes. I felt so touched by her trying to make up that all of a sudden I had to cry (and I don   t cry often). It was all the emotions of the day, and then a guest complaining and those Disney employees being so mean. My husband thinks the Disney employee might have been lying about the video images and the complaint coming from a customer, just to pressure us to say that that is what we did.Anyway, trying to get into Disneyland was a really bad part of our day. I wouldn   t recommend it. Celebrate somewhere else. Until Disneyland changes their policy.And why can only children dress up? If I want to be princess for a day, you know when you feel like dressing up and being a kid again, wouldn   t Disneyland be the place to do that? Well, apparently not    Sad. Other than that we had a great day with our family. Some of the employees, especially the photographers were funny and friendly. The rides are nice, but since I can compare to Disneyland Paris, I would say to the Europeans: don   t travel all the way to California to do the rides. They are more or less the same in Paris. And the rides for the small ones, like Snow White and Peter Pan are actually set for a speed that makes it hard to see anything or follow the story! If I remember right, the rides are set to a slower pace in Paris. Also, the Anaheim park seems more busy than the Paris park (we went on a regular weekday), but the lines were not too long (I don't think waiting 15 30 min is long). The only thing that   s definitely better in California than Paris is the weather and the prices of food and drinks are not too bad for a theme park (although Americans would probably say it is too expensive).For a good experience, be there EARLY!! Once the general public starts appearing, it sucks. It's too crowded, little children everywhere, sometimes unsupervised. Not the best place for a couple to go out on a date at lol. If I had to go again, I'll make sure to bring my own snacks and drinks as everything is super expensive inside. Idk, not my favorite amusement park to visit : We travel a lot and of course this time was with our two children 8 and 3 years old. This was our 3 year olds first time to any Disney park and our son we have brought four times prior to DisneyWorld. I haven't been to Disneyland in a long time and maybe I am biased to DisneyWorld. I felt not only did the staff not have the Disney attitude like DisneyWorld some were outright rude. Maybe it was the week we were there, I am not sure but they were not the way you would expect Disney staff to act, I even heard a group of them standing around talking about their personal lives instead of interacting with guests. I expect this from other parks but never Disney. Almost all the major rides were closed so most of the attractions my daughter could go on, Small world, Ariel, etc. she was not able. There were not a lot of options for sit down restaurants in the parks either and the lines were atrocious! I will always stick with DisneyWorld from now on I was so disappointed I am such a Disney fan.I can't believe I'm giving Disney a poor rating. My family and I LOVE everything Disney!My first trip to Disneyland was in 1978   I was 10. It was the greatest place I had ever been. I went back in the early 80's and once again had a great time. This time was a let down.Why was it a let down? The only thing I can say is after 20  visits to Disney World I was expecting the same experience at Land. Disneyland is small and poorly operated.Here are some examples:Disney World $134   1 day park hopper   includes 4 parks Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom, Epcot and Hollywood StudiosDisneyland $137   1 day park hopper   includes Disneyland and California AdventureMagic Kingdom is the closest to Disneyland so my comparison will be to MK.During the fireworks the castle pass through closes but most rides remain open at MK. We've been on the Dumbo ride during the fireworks   going off right over us.DL there were several rides closed   because of lines they close 1 hour before   losing about 1 1 2 hours of ride time. You can't be in line during the fireworks. The castle pass through was also closed.There are a couple of different parades at MK. The day parade which happens two times during the day and then the Electric Light Parade at night. DL had one parade that took place twice   4PM and 6:30PM.Disneyland does have a couple of rides that DW doesn't have. Mr. Toad's Wild Ride was taken out of DW a couple of years ago. Unfortunately we tried to get in line just about an hour before the fireworks and it was closed   the guide didn't say it closes. We did ride Storybook Land Canal Boats. Note: they also close during the fireworks but the guide states it closes.A couple of rides that DW doesn't have are: Matterhorn Bobsleds   the line was 60 minutes long and no fast pass, Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage, and Indiana Jones Adventure   they were all closed for refurbishment. Not sure how long they have been closed or will be closed but it seems an odd time (spring break) to close rides. Small World was also closed along with Snow White's Adventure.Another complaint. When you purchase tickets to a Disney park you would think they could keep the characters out longer. Elsa and Anna were only available in DL from 9AM   3:30PM. The Fairies were 9AM   3:15PM and Merida was 9AM   3PM. The Princesses were 9AM   7PM. Even if we only did these characters the lines were so long we would have missed the majority of the park.The Royal Theater according to the DL website have a Tangled Show and a Beauty and the Beast show. There were no shows the day we visited. There was a greeter saying the theater was closed.Some things I found odd: asked for directions and the man pointed with one finger   so against Disney rules   always two or more fingersAsked an elderly worker a question and he was so grumpy. My question was do we have time to look around since it's a 20 minute wait or should we get in line right now? His response,  you have time but if you're even a second late I'm not letting you in . You would NEVER get a response like that at DW.Sleeping Beauty's castle is SO tiny. Not a big deal but......We watched the Mickey and the Magical Map show and that was very entertaining.Another good point of DL is Mickey and Minnie Mouse were out dancing on Main Street. You NEVER see them out of their tent in Fantasyland or in the parade at MK. You can see them at Animal Kingdom more easily.All in all our day was 3 out of 10. Maybe were spoiled with so many visits to Disney World. We won't be back.Waited my entire life to go to Disneyland but pretty sure the entire population of New Zealand was there on the day we went, even though we tried to plan it to coincide when kids were still at school. Took advantage of the magic mornings as we were staying for at the Disney Hotel, and even that wasn't enough to beat the crowds despite queuing up a whole hour before the park opened for Magic morning.They open the gates and start letting people through but just as you get to the end of Main Street they stop everyone and it becomes a stampede of people running and pushing and shoving. Crazy mothers with strollers just run at you and Except you to get out the way or be mowed down.The queues were about two hour and a bit waits, the food was horrible, we ordered Mickey Mouse pancakes and got a pancake with a tiny piece of pineapple for the mouth and two raisins for the eyes....no maple syrup, no powdered sugar, no whipped butter, it was dry and vile.Fast passes went quickly for Space Mountain which we got on once before it was closed down for maintenance, The Matterhorn was not operational for a good part of the morning!Indiana Jones and Nemo sub marine were also closed. By midday we gave up and went across to California adventureland which is better than Disneyland by a million trillion miles. I wanted it to be fabulous and could have cried I was so disappointed. Flag it and just stick to CA land.We visited Disneyland on a weekday and experienced lots of lines, estimated wait times at attraction queues that were not truthful, and tons of annual passport holders that descended on the park in the afternoon like an insect swarm. I wrote a letter to Disneyland and the response was rather shocking. They sent along fast passes and invited me to return at my expense again. You can read all about my experience and the letter Disney sent at my dedicated web page about my experience at dizzyland.infoIt is a fun read and everyone should read before visiting.I bought a few annual passes for my kid thinking about the experience I had 10 years ago.I used to take my daughter to Disneyland for 3 4 years with annual passes and it was very nice.However, many things have changed. The good 1. My kid still likes going to Disneyland.2. It is a safe place. The bad 1. The price is very expensive.(I believe $92 for a single day visit.)  The food price inside the Park is also very expensive.2. It is very crowded. It is packed with people. The wait for a ride is very long.  Maybe because it is during the spring break season. The ugly 1. The attitude of many employees is almost beaurocratic that you are one of many who just come and go. I had to show my ID 4 or 5 times because it was not updated  for 3 days after my face shot was taken. They could take the picture of you when you  purchase the pass but they wanted to save a few seconds of their time. I had to wait  in line to have my picture taken twice. 2. The management turned the Park into a money making machine. The food price is  very expensive and poor in quality inside the Park.My recommendation is to avoid peak seasons and weekends if you have to visit here and have meals before you come to the Park or bring your food to a picnic area just outside the Park.(You can get your hand stamped and come back after your visi to the picnic area.)Spent a few days at the Park with kids and grandkids March 20 and 21 (Thursday and Friday). As far as we knew it was not Spring Break, and the composition of the crowd did not suggest that schools were 'out'. But the crowds were still overwhelming. The grandkids were 5 and 7. At that age an hour (or longer) wait for most rides is burdensome and annoying. This was our 5th trip so we are not unfamiliar with some secret moves (go EARLY, get Fast Passes quickly) but we also began to rely on a couple of smartphone apps that listed wait times. Problematically the wait times were awful all over both parks after 11:00 a.m.. A couple of major rides were noted on the website as closed for renovation, but Space Mountain also closed without notice for most of a day as did the Toy Story arcade ride. The Park was unfailingly clean, the roaming musical acts were always good for a quarter hour's entertainment, and everyone was well behaved. It was the glazed eyes of the adults that suggested this is no longer the Happiest Place on Earth.Well we were disappointed with Disneyland cost us $92.00 each. I know it is the original park but it is really showing it's years. Went for breakfast when we arrived bacon eggs  toast total over $30.00 US. yikes!!!! Four rides we went on stopped while on them. It's a Small world is under renovation (wish the person we bought tickets from would have mentioned that even though we did see it on the program after) the Mountain Railroad was closed for a  private party .... and so it goes. The staff were great, the streets are clean.. it is very Disney high end shows etc.. but compared to Disney in Florida... needs updates. I wouldn't go back.Perhaps I had been spoiled by going to Disneyworld so many times before and set my expectations to that level. However, I was truly shocked at how inferior Disneyland was to Disneyworld. I will say that we did not go to the other park that you had to pay an additional $80 for simply for that reason. It was far too much money and it did not appear to be all that exciting. So we stuck with Disneyland.Our first visit was to it's a small world, it was one of my travel partners favorites. It was closed for repairs. We then went to try one of Doles Pineapple drinks which you can only get at this park, closed for the season. We then went over to the runaway train ride, closed for repairs. And on and on it went. It was shocking at how small it was and how they could charge full price and close half the rides. I rarely write reviews this harsh but this was unacceptable. Especially when you factor in the huge ticket price in excess of $90 each.Space mountain was open and that was fun and there were other rides that were enjoyable. Additionally, the staff were helpful and friendly however the bad far outweighed the good. Perhaps a discount was in order given all that was closed or a list out front of the attractions that were closed so people were informed. We arrived at 10:30 and were headed home by 2pm. A far cry from a visit to Disneyworld in Orlando.This was a trip to introduce grandchildren to what my children enjoyed years ago when we lived closer to Disneyland. For me, there was little magic. Exorbitant prices for everything, long lines and huge crowds on a Monday during the school year. Perhaps I'm old fashioned , but there must be a way to have more fun, better memories and the wish to return for less money......I won't be returning. Sad. I never thought that I would be writing a critical review of Disneyland!  Yes, we went in February, but never expected that 3 4 major attractions would be closed.  Very, very disappointed!Disneyland is truly a magical destination for most, but special needs families really need to think before going there. Their new disabled policy (DAS) does not work well for most. If you or your disabled special needs individual can not tolerate long wait times then don't go to disney. Go to legoland, sea world, or universal studios. If you're not ok with having to walk back and forth to the few ride time kiosks they have set up for DAS users, then go somewhere else. We paid hundreds of dollars to wait in line for 3 days for maybe 2 hours of actual rides enjoyment. The only way to do Disneyland is if you have VIP access and can cut to the front of the line whenever you want. We got the 3 day park hopper pass thinking that we would be able to see most attractions in those 3 days. We were sadly mistaken. One would think that the last half of February would see smaller crowds. It's after the Christmas break from school and before spring break. Apparently Southern California schools get a week off for Presidents Day. We arrived shortly after the park opened and parked in the Woody lot. we then had to wait in line to get on a shuttle, about 30 minutes. After the 5 minute ride to the park, we waited in another line to have our bags inspected. This was an absolute joke. After the  security  check, we had to wait in yet another line to get into the park, about 10 minutes. We decided to head to California Adventure and get a fast pass for Radiator Springs Racers. By this point, the park had been open for about an hour and the fast passes were gone for the day. We could wait in line for about an hour and a half if we wanted to ride it, but we still had 2 more days. We'd just get there earlier the next day and gt a fast pass. We found a few rides with short lines, mostly in the  Bugs Life , but those 1 2 minute rides still had waits of 20 minutes. We rode 3 rides at California Adventure in 90 minutes then decided to head over to Disneyland. Waited in another line there to get in, then had to wait to do the classic picture at the entrance. The first ride we went to, the Peter Pan ride took 1 hour and 10 minutes to get through the line, waiting on the 85 degree sun. Then the ride was 2 minutes long at the most. We rode the Autotopia ride next, another hour wait. By this point we had been at the park for about 6 hours total and the kids were done. We checked into our hotel, Courtyard by Marriott Anaheim at Disneyland Resort great place to stay for cheap, and rested up for the next day. We go to the park 30 minutes before they opened the next day and waited in 2 more lines to get into California Adventure to get our Fast pass for Radiator Springs Racers. By the time we got in line, it was almost 1 4 mile long. That is no exaggeration. Waited in line for 1 hour and 20 minutes to get a ticket that says to come back in 6 7 hours and wait in line again. So we went and rode a few more rides and came back to Radiator Springs at our appointed time. When we arrived, the ride was temporarily closed and were told to check back periodically. So we had to stay in California Adventure. After a couple of hours, they decided to close the ride for the rest of the day. Then we had to go wait in line at guest relations to get our name on a list so we could come back the next day and get a pass to ride. This part of Disneyland was great. We gave them our name and when we came back the next day, we picked up a pass for 6 people to get on the ride. There were only 4 of us and only 2 could ride at a time (my daughter is too small). We picked up a family of 4 waiting in line for a fast pass and took them with us. Got right on with no wait and then did the rider swap and got right back on again. Star Tours was another great experience. We got the fast pass earlier then waited only a short while to ride. As the doors opened for us to get on the ride, my son said he needed to go potty. When he says that, there is no holding it, so we went to the bathroom and got a pass to bypass the line and get back on with no waiting. Other than that, Disneyland was a disappointment. The lines and crowds are too much. I would constantly hear from other people in passing,  this is ridiculous, it's just not worth it . An hour wait to spend 1 minute with Mickey, sidewalks and streets that are too crowded to walk down, cars and trolleys driving down the middle of the road causing even more congestion. So glad when it was over.We went on a Friday in winter thinking it might be quiet, how wrong we were. This place was so crowded, especially with strollers! Have been to Disneyland in Tokyo & much preferred it, more organised & handled the crowds far better. Three rides attractions were out of service & 2 more broke down during our day. We queued for nearly an hour for one ride only for it to breakdown before we got anywhere near the front of the line! Parking for the strollers is out of controll & blocks walkways, they really need to better manage them. Came away thinking it was an unsatisfying & expensive day, would not return to this park.Disneyland is now crowded all the time. Really crowded. Even on the slowest days.Being a fan of amusement parks and in Disney in particular, I researched the historically least crowded days to attend, and threw the dart at February 4th, 2014. But when I arrived, I was shocked to see queue lines snaking into the midways, a sea of strollers, and a two hour wait time for the newest attraction in Cars Land, and even a half a block long line to get a Fast Pass for Radiator Springs, the newest and best attraction. Makes you wonder what in the world will the parks be like on a busy day. Certainly not worth $100, or $130 for two parks. Recently a Huffington post article complaining about the overcrowding showed a shocking picture of the sea of people at Disneyland, crowding the streets, shoulder to shoulder. Reports say Disney often tops out at 80,000 guests. Clearly, there aren't enough attractions to accommodate that number. There's not even enough room for every guest to sit down. And all these reviews here talking about how  wonderful  and  beautiful  the place is are completely ignoring the huge pink elephant in the room. Overcrowding is so bad, it's likely that Guest Relations would receive an enormous number of complaints from guests not even able to see a minimal number of attractions.The line for the newest attraction, Radiator Springs was 2 hours long. More sobering, the line just to sign up for a fast pass reservation time snaked nearly half a block long! A couple of hours later, the fast pass reservation system closed for Radiator Springs   there weren't enough reservation times available.Now when there aren't enough reservation times available to accommodate the guests who have paid $130 to see your park's major attractions, it raises a basic question. What are guests getting for $130? Are they being guaranteed a ride on any of the rides? Are they being guaranteed a ride on the newest attraction at Cars Land? Really, the answer is no. You're not guaranteed a ride on any of the rides, although a Fast Pass helps insure a minimal number of rides, the old halcyon days of multiple re rides on a single attraction, or riding every ride in the park are gone.Looks like from a business standpoint, Disney is going to have to make some decisions about what constitutes an acceptable experience for $130.Having said all that, here are the accolades the place deserves.Cars Land's Radiator Springs is an American triumph in entertainment. The animated characters are so likeable, and the Arizona Red Rocks ride so beautifully rendered, and the ride so thrilling, it is a truly a world class amusement ride experience. Maybe the best character based ride in the history of the Amusement park industry. It's that good.The restaurants in the hotels delivered unfailingly good appetizers and entrees. Really impressive food in the Napa Rose, and in the California themed hotel's bar.On this, one of the least crowded days of the year, I was able to sneak in 6 rides on Radiator Springs in the park's final hour by using the single rider queue. And some wait times during the day hovered din the 20 to 30 minute category. But nothing like what it used to be on a slow day. It made me harken back to the days when you could go to Disney and have walk on experiences.Went to Disneyland, because I had never been. Discovered numerous rides and attractions were closed, because  it's winter.   Winter  didn't seem to stop the crowds. Didn't even have fireworks at the end of the night  because it's winter.  Very disappointed. And the people with strollers will run you over, not to mention the scooter chairs.We traveled from the Magic Castle Hotel in Hollywood for a day in Disneyland at Anaheim. Myself, my 19yo and 16yo sons paid $142 each for transport to Anaheim and entry ($92 included). After we had waited 70 minutes for the first ride we were unimpressed, then 90 minutes for the second one was infuriating. Competing with a slowly moving mass of humanity to get from one attraction to the other was also daunting.There are so called 'quick passes' provided to avoid the queues, but you can only have one at a time   we managed to obtain one at 11am for a 6.30pm ride! So, they are an illusory concession to the queues. The outcome for us was cutting our losses, ' bailing out' at 1pm, and a $140 taxi ride back to LA   the only way to get back there before 9pm (public transport questions were responded to with wide eyed incredulity!)It seems to me that Disney have no compunction about cramming as many people as possible into the park, irrespective of the quality of the experience.Perhaps if you have younger children who are still entranced by the 'Disney Magic' it may be worth considering for the atmospherics. For teenagers   avoid it! It doesn't cater for them.I love Disneyland. It truly is one of my most favorite places on earth. But the one day of the year I will forever avoid is New Years Eve. It sounds good in concept: A family celebration that includes the children. But it was a massive fire and safety hazard. Walking in redirected crowds (nearly all places were  re directed ) meant that all parts of your body were touching strangers on every side. At some points the crowds were so compact I was nearly lifted off my feet. I have spent New Years Eve in Times Square and been to one of the most crowded Mardi Gras in New Orleans history and neither compared to the chaos and crowds of Disneyland on New Years Eve. I waited an hour for a locker at 8am. Every bathroom line was a minimum of a half hours wait and the rides were often two hours. It was $30 for a lunch of two hot dogs, drinks and chips. And every employee seemed miserable to have to spend their NYE working. The worst part were all the detours. I cannot begin to recount the number of times my desired destination was 20 feet away albeit across Main Street and I was redirected around the entire circumference of the park to get there. I'm certain I walked a half marathon at least and made about 8 trips around the entire park. Many attractions closed down after waiting in long lines and that included lines to greet characters. Twice our child waited in line over 30 mins to meet Goofy only to have him leave as she was next in line. Two moments of magic worth mentioning: the phenomenal fire works display and the disco music playing loudly through the park once evening began. Imagine 1 million people all clapping their hands in unison to the song, CAR WASH and dancing in lines. That was pretty fun and memorable. The cover band was also impressive. But the crowd control was so poor that it was physically uncomfortable and something I will never choose to do again. If you are a Disney superfan then my opinion doesn't matter. If you are a Disney hater then you already have made your decision. This is my narrow view of my first and only visit to Disneyland based on a 2 day visit after New Years 2014.You know that everything is expensive. You know that it is crowded. You really have no idea how bad it really is until you are in the middle of that mess. It would take coercion and the ability to carry a cattle prod for me to even consider it again.Ticket prices for a day or two work out to about $100 a day. If you want to go for a longer time, it makes the daily costs considerably less per day.It is always crowded (so I am told) but this was nuts. I have nothing to compare it to except maybe the crowd views in New York during New Years Eve. Simply waking place to place was time consuming. Waiting between 45 minutes to 200 minutes for a ride?!? Really??? Many of the rides broke down during the day. You would think they could maintain these things a little better. Considering the cost of everything they should be able to plate it in gold. The grounds were not as well maintained as other Disney parks around the world.There are a few good things about Disneyland. If you like the characters, they are always out to sign autographs and take pictures. They know how to make some pretty interesting rides: 3D, 4D with smells and other effects. They go all out for the holidays and even change some of their rides based on the holiday season. Haunted mansion was fitted with Jack Skellington things for Christmas and Its a Small World was also Christmas themed.The bottom line is that my visit sucked, but their rides and attractions are interesting hence the raiting of 2. I like Disneyworld, but Disneyland was not for me. Your experiences may be different.Good luck and Happy Travels!First the positives   parade, light show and 2 lots of fireworks to welcome in 2014. All were executed with typical Disney aplomb.The negatives   this event was unsafe, uncomfortable and the D organisation cared little for the basic comforts of the  guests  who paid around $100 a pop to experience the night. I had to argue with one of the  cast  to access a restroom so my daughter could wait in a line for 25 minutes to use the facilities.This was because they were trying to enforce a one way system on the crowd in an apparent effort to avoid crushing.Not my idea of enjoyment   only an illustration of corporate greed.Avoid the holiday season if you intend to cover a good portion of the park in 1 day. It was too crowded to get into the holiday spirit, especially when we were getting pushed and shoved all over the place (we were a petite bunch) by people who were very defensive of  space . Minimum waiting time for each ride was 50mins in our experience, and we had to limit the rides we wanted to on...My kids (7 & 5) have asked continously for a trip to Disneyland for a long a time now. They were over the moon when we surprised them with a visit this Jan 2 and 3. But halfway through the first day they declared it was not the best day of their life like the commercials had promised. The park was overflowing, cramped and the lines were ridiclous. My kids spent much of the day looking at butts of other adults. We only got in a fraction of the rides we thought we would and to add insult to injury we lost an hour because my husband and his sister were trapped in the bowels of a broken Indiana Jones and we couldn't get ahold of them.I'm so disappointed that this will be their first memory of Disneyland. This was not what I remembered from my childhood trips there. Looking around at the sea of people in a relatively small park, I couldn't help but think that it is a recipe for disaster. Disney is putting their guests at risk by allowing so many in at one time. I realize we went at a busy travel period and I was expecting crowds, but this surpassed anything I had imagined. To put it bluntly, I'm peeved at Disney for not putting quality over quantity. It's obvious they don't care about the experience their guest are having, just at collecting those outrageous admissions.We spent the second day waiting 3 hours for the Cars ride in California Adventure when the posted wait time said 2. Crazy. Disney should be ashamed that they're making small children endure these lines. That said, the rest of California Adventure was much better than Disneyland and the park seems to be designed to hold the crowds better. The other thing that was an issue was bathrooms. They seem very undersized and lacking on enough sinks. I've never had to wait anywhere for a sink except at Disneyland. Ha! Maybe they should post a wait time for sinks.Too crowed went on January 2nd and by 11:30 every line and walkway cramped and bottlenecked, there for 12 hours only got on 4 rides not the greatest experience. Disney world much better and have been there during holiday times and it is much more enjoyable in Florida. Disney needs to learn quality of its guests visits should outweigh the quantity of people it can shove in the parks. Visited Jan 3 with family. I had visited in 1968, my wife in 1981, but my grown kids (23 and 20) who have been to Disney Orlando more times than they can remember, wanted to go. So we went.1. It's expensive. $92 for one day ticket. No AAA discounts.2. It's small. The Magic Kingdom is small. This is smaller, lines are longer and overflow on to the streets. They close the park down at times when it exceeds capacity (fortunately not when we went)3. It's crowded. We were told that despite being the holidays, our day wasn't one of the more crowded ones. At times getting around was difficult. Can't imagine dragging around small children. Long lines on all the  feature  rides, well over one hour for Space Mountain, Indiana Jones, etc. The  fast pass  helps, if you use it well. My kids were good at that and we fast passed a few times. Still, expect to do half of what you planned.4. It's Dark at night. Poorly lighted in many areas after the sun goes down. We stayed until late expecting the crowds to thin out (they do, somewhat). 5. It's Old. From the parking to the parade, the place was obviously not designed for the use it gets today and it shows. On the plus side, cast members were very nice and attempted to help whenever they could, even taking pictures of our group, etc. Restrooms were relatively clean, considering the volume of people and lines for the ladies' rest rooms were manageable.The corn chowder at New Orleans was very good. Now the kids have seen it. We don't have to go again. Thank goodness.Went to Disneyland on 31st December, 2013. After going to Disney World in Orlando two years earlier, we were excited to experience the Disney magic all over again.We knew it would be busy as it was New Year's Eve but we were told when we arrived that if the park reached capacity, no more tickets would be sold. This was to ensure an enjoyable and comfortable experience for all. I don't know what the park's capacity is, but I have never experienced such a crowded place in my life. It was intense. ProsFireworks were goodIt was easy to get to the park from the car park   via shuttle or a short walk. ConsLines for rides were up to 200 minutes. Long lines for the bathroom.Restaurants required bookings (but this was not advertised)Lines for 'take away' style food were very long, limited places to sit and eat this food. Our 'fast pass' to one ride was available to us between 12 1am. We got the ticket issued at 4pm.Hard to move around the park due to crowding but also due to ropes cutting off access points between areas. We felt like cattle getting moved around, aimlessly going nowhere. The iconic castle was very much the 'poor cousin' to the Disney world version.We left at 1am, hoping to miss the 12am rush after the fireworks, it took over 1 hour to get out of the car park   no Disney staff to direct the traffic. I appreciate that New Year's is a busy time, but our Disney world experience two years earlier was the week of Christmas and it was excellent. If you have a choice between Disney world and Disneyland. It's Orlando Disney all the way!Me & my family (adult child, adult grandson, baby great grandson, daughter in law), visited Disneyland Park Dec 27th 13, arriving at South Parking Area around 10:30 hrs. Shortage of transfer buses, no seating in loading area, took 38 minutes to arrive at Park. Admission prices about double that which they should be for a day trip. Food & beverages too expensive. Traffic flow to attractions & rides poorly managed. SUGGESTION: Have One Way routes throughout park, starting at The Enchanted Tiki Tiki Room in a clockwise rotation. Restrooms need to be posted better, with signage showing where they are. They also need to be constantly cleaned with attendants on sight. Prior to Fantasmic, employees moved a multitude of Strollers to a sight which was not pre announced, thus panicking everyone. Outdoor lighting inadequate for outdoor dining. Inadequate seating near attractions for those waiting for attendees. In short, the admission price increases do not translate into improved services. The highly paid executives are too greedy, & have lost the vision of Walt Disney. I have been operating group tours to Disney since 1969 by Air, Motorcoach, & Automobile, & have yet to see any of the above problems resolved.Executives know that they have a captive audience, therefore, couldn't care less about our negative experiences. Shame on they & their attitudes.When we first bought our tickets for about $300 for the group of us, we were expecting an easy entry with my child. But, they cut off the line because it was full capacity, and that meant since we only got a one day pass, even though we paid for the tickets, we won't be able to enter. Lucky my quick thinking rushed us to another line where they were still accepting, so that wasn't $300 wasted. Or so I thought.As we queued up for our first ride, it took a huge slice (three hours of our entire day) just to go on a little five minute ride. Disneyland had almost no regard for us standing in the baking sun at all. My son was already tired, but to not waste $300, we got on another ride, which was another long and arduous queue. Right now, we had spent $300 and 7 hours of our family's limited time in America for 10 minutes of entertainment (the rides were good though).We were all exhausted and bored, so after that we hustled home. $300 wasted and our energy and day for only two rides. In my photos, it was almost hilarious seeing our son's  excited face  after a ride at Disneyland (sarcastic). Not happy. They certainly should do something about the queues.I agree you accept its going to be busy when you visit this place at Christmas but maybe a lower quota would be better.Waiting lines for many rides exceeding 2 hours, most for more than 90 minutes, it's not the happiest place on earth.But the worst thing is that the staff all contradict each other and seemingly don't know what's going on. In Frontierland one staff member said (when there was a complete blockage) to leave by train. The train conductor said the train wasn't running. My 2 year old was being crushed so a staff member said to walk through the French Market restaurant. The staff in there said we couldn't. 4 different stories in the space of minutes. You'd burn to death or be crushed in a fire.I had just one day to spend at Disneyland and being a foreigner here I researched how to make the most of the day online and went with what I felt was all the preparation I needed,Whilst Disneyland itself was quite beautiful ,it has been very poorly planned.The fast track option was only available for 3 4 rides and that too in the afternoon the wait time for the fast track riders was well over 5 6 hrs which is too long.Alternatively there is little guidance on the timings of the tours parades etc and the crowd too large which resulted in really long wait times at each of the queues...I visited on the 24th of december which might explain the crowds however they had shut down the Indian Jones ride for well over half a day which was quite frustrating.All in all,it was worth the visit but it is also one of the most frustrating places to visit.if you are going over pick a date which is not a peak day as it is just not worth the trouble during peak season!Disney collects $100 day person, we need better service...the crowd was beyond control but it only showed lack of planning. Kids were suffering because of the mayhem. Please do not go during holidays.I took the family to Disneyland for some fun, and it was fun the first day, however not so much the second day( FYI don't complain to any of the workers there) I seen it happen twice in a matter of an hour on both ends of the park a lady walked up and complained talking normal not rising her voice or being aggressive and asked to speak with someone about a complaint and they called security on her within seconds the old folk security crew was surrounding her so she said forget it and left. Then at the gate where they check bags a lady put her purse on the table for them to check but left the strap around her neck and they yelled at her, yes I said yelled at her then called security when she asked to speak to the manager. I am glad that I paid there over priced tickets so I could see that.Arrived late morning. Parking in multilevel garage was well orchestrated as was shuttle to the park entrance. Paid $274 for all day park hopper pass. Lines were long for various attractions and my impatience was short so left the Theme Park for the California Adventure. Got soaked on the Grizzly River Run and finally got in to the 10min Soarin' over California show after a 15min wait in line with a FastPass. biggest disappointment was the rides breaking down after 2   hours in line. So crowded and plus while in line for a ride people were just cutting in front of you trying to  get  to a family member already in line for them?! thats so rude, and first time in my life there were no fire works show. It was crazy crowded, this time of year its my favorute to go to Disneyland not planning on going next year.We took 4 kids   2 aged 6 and 2 aged 8. The waiting time to get on the major attractions was about an hour. Even the lineup at Starbucks was 30 minutes! Disneyland is old with rickety rides and and trades on its reputation. If you have iPad friendly kids, it's not very interesting. Either go to Universal Studios, Six Flags or somewhere else. If you are going for nostalgia that's fine fine but you'll get over it in about 30 minutes and the kid's won't be thrilled. We went on a Friday and it was packed. Not fun. We've been to every Disneyland in the world and you can do better elsewhere than here. I think Wal would also be disappointed. Go elsewhere. We felt we wasted our time & money compared to what we could have done.If you have been to Disneyland 15 years ago or more, be sure you'll find more or less the same thing today. It's not bad, much smaller than Magic Kingdom in Orlando, but they don't improve, they don't create anything new. Same rides since ever (95% of them for children) and that's it. When new characters and movies are launched, they simple redecorate old rides with new style and that's it (Haunted Mansion a good example   or the old Pirates of Caribbean with some Johnny Deep included as well).OK, I totally understand it's all about  living a dream in Disneyland  and bla bla bla, but even so I think the park needs to be improved and upgraded.We took our two 9 year old boys to Disneyland in August. For two days, one park each day, it cost just over $700 in tickets for two adults and two kids. That was entry tickets only. We chose the Disneyland park for the first day. We arrived around 8am and rode the Indiana Jones ride first. As we were exiting the ride, it broke down, so we couldn't ride it again. The Pirates of the Caribbean was also not working, and the haunted house wasn't working. We eventually were able to ride Pirates and the haunted house, but when we came back on our Fast Pass to ride Indiana Jones, it again wasn't working, so we didn't get to ride it. We also really wanted to see the Abe Lincoln exhibit because our boys love history. We tried to get in, but there was a private party, so we weren't allowed in. We couldn't go to the Lincoln exhibit on our second day at the park, because the second day ticket was good only at California Adventure. I didn't buy the more expensive tickets that would have allowed us to go to both parks each day because I knew we didn't have the energy to do both parks in one day. I didn't realize so many attractions would not be working or closed like the Lincoln exhibit. It's also crazy that we'd have to pay more for the two day two park ticket because of Disney's problems! The second day we went to California Adventure. We got there right when the park opened so we could get a fast pass for the new Cars ride. We got the fast pass, but . . . . the ride was broken down. We kept checking the ride throughout the day and finally at around 2:00 pm it was open and we were able to ride it. I felt we paid a lot of money for a frustrating experience. We don't expect to go back.The newest and most popular ride, Cars, broke down 30 minutes after opening at 8am and did not come back up until 730pm.  This is a real disappointment to kids, especially if they can't wait over 8 hours for a ride to be fixed.Not being a native Californian maybe I just don't get it, but I would rather jab bamboo under my finger nails than spend another day at Disney. Fake, manicured, corporate is what I see...if this is the happiest place on earth God help us!! My sister and I took my nephews there and what I remember is lots of waiting in line, bad, overpriced, food and a few fun runs down the Matterhorn. Even the boys seemed underwhelmed; the older one said to me  Disneyland is OK, but I'd rather go to the tide pools at Crystal Cove! Was not worth the money spent, for the either the limited access and time spent with the princess's or the food. It was premium money for standard fair. Time spent with each of the 4 princess's was less than 2 minutes and the food was just ok. The service staff were very good and quick but it wasn't $200.00  plus good. For the cost of the one meal we could have eaten at the park every day we were their for the 4 day park hopper. We managed to see the most of the other Princess's and Disney Characters for free and a 30 minute wait in line....so the Lunch wasn't worth it.Some of the park staff were rude which was very disheartening as well. Due to the time of year of us going to Disneyland the lines were reasonable for most of the rides with the exception of  Car's  ride which takes you through Radiator Springs...which was a fun ride but the weight in line for an hour wasn't worth the 4 6 minute ride and could have been shortened with better ride management. All in all though the time spent in the park was ok. The Meet the Princess's Lunch wasn't worth the money spent on it.$92.00 entry pp, food and drink expensive, and there seems to be substantially more shops, souvenir stands, food and drink stands.Personally I thought it had lost a lot of it's naive charm.Sure there were the rides, but  It's a Small World  and  Thunder Railway  were both closed for refurbs.I was told that Thunder had been closed for about 12 months.The question is; should the closed attractions reflect in a lower entry price??The Jungle Cruise should have been called  The Adam Cruise , as the boat driver simply would not shut up. Inane jokes blabbering on so quickly we couldn't understand him anyway.Now look I am generally an optimist, really I am, and I have to say my wife thoroughly loved it. So go figure eh?I reckon that the money spend could have been enjoyed more elsewhere   but I don't know where.Took my family of four to Disneyland in LA for the Halloween promotion. This is a partial list of rides that weren't operating at all, or broke down when we were there:Indiana JonesPeter Pan's flightSplash MountainBig Thunder Mountain Railroad (closed for remodeling)Carousel (closed for remodeling)Gadget's Go Coaster (Toontown)Matterhorn BobsledsMater's Junkyard JamboreeGolden ZephyrGoofy's Sky SchoolI've been to Disneyland perhaps 10 times in the past twenty years, and it was extremely rare for ANY ride to be down in the past. I have no idea what happened to their maintenance, but it was really rather stunning. The people working the Indiana Jones ride told me it had been up and down for days. Often rides broke down after we had waited in line for 20 30 minutes, but before we could get on them. Try explaining that to your child, especially one like mine, who is autistic.But, hey, you can always go on Pirates of the Caribbean or It's a Small World ten times!Other thing   don't even think about going to the park on weekends. There is a thing called an Annual Pass, and for the folks that live in SoCal, it's a wonderful deal. For the rest of us, who travel hundreds, if not thousands of miles, to go to Disneyland, and pay small fortunes in airfare and hotel bills, we need to wait in the same 60 minute lines that the family of eight who lives in Ontario does, only they probably came to the park for a few hours on Sunday afternoon because they had nothing better to do.I take my family to a lot of theme parks, and they typically either give you about what you expect, sometimes a bit less, but Disney had always managed to give you more than expected. There really was some sort of  magic  to the place. Not any more. Now, it's a tough slog, and a steady stream of disappointments. Even the staff's attitude has gone way down hill.I know this will probably change absolutely no one's mind about whether to visit the parks or not. And, that's the saddest thing of all   the worst part of the experience was that the parks were TOO crowded! Clearly, Disney doesn't really need to  fix  anything   or at least, I'm sure that's what the bean counters in finance are telling them.But,they've lost a customer for life.If you don't have little kids do universal studios instead and skip Disney. The princess castle was smaller than I expected. It was a  spinal tap  disappointment moment. The only ride that scared us was the tower hotel. No fireworks. Only on weekends. Watch park hours. They kick you out early for private partiesDisney Hotel guest only get in an hour early but you still have to line up and no one gets into the ride area until 10 so hotel benefit is smallUse the fast pass system it saves you time On Wednesday, Oct 16th we entered the Disney park at the 9am opening and proceded left to right beginning at Adventureland. The day started fine with the Tiki House and Jungle River cruise and crowd level was typical for Oct mid week and a great weather day. From here it was all a very frustrating and disappointing experience. I should add that I have visited this attraction twice before and have done the FAR SUPERIOR Disney World Florida theme parks multiple times. The sign on entry showed that Its a Small World and Thunder Mountain rides were down....but several more were also discovered to be unavailable for various reasons throughout the day including :Indian Jones, Disney Railroad,Splash Mountain,Casey Jones Railroad,Monorail  Some of these attractions suggested we check back later for availabilty which we did several times in spite of being dog tired from retracing our path. They continued to be unavailable each time.I voiced my concerns to consumer relations management ( Cavan ) at the site at 5:45 PM and was even more disappointed and frustrated at their response.  This was a $200 plus day including entry fee, parking and food and yet 7 attractions were unavailable and I expected some compensation for such a reduced attraction availability. In spite of us explaining we had only that 1 day in the area and that we had already been in the park for 8.5 hours , the Customer Service manager suggested he could grant Fast Pass to 2 of the closed attractions which according to signage in the park were still closed and he wasn't even aware of the status. He then offered 2 passes to Adventureland for another day even though he was told we were there from Canada for that day only. There were other comments about protecting the safety of attendees and I suggested that was an incredibly high number of issues that proper preventive maintenance should minimize or eliminate. They have from 9pm to 9 am to perform this. The grounds staff are generally polite however the attendant at the Monorail waited for park goers to climb the ramp to tell them   you people came at the wrong time , the ride is now off service for 25 minutes   in a smug and uncaring tone as opposed to going to the bottom of the ramp to advise people and prevent yet another long walk and wait !I think a discount to our entry fee, a park gift card for shops or dining could have been offered if they were truly a customer focussed business but instead we were left very disappointed, frustrated and would never recommend this facility. Another issue that was obvious was location of washrooms are a well kept secret due to absence of signage and only info was on the site map that is confusing and poorly scaled.In total we believe that the self proclaimed Happiest Place on Earth is their opinion and that they are complacent about true service level.We DO NOT RECOMMEND this park in spite of the Disney brand power.We went to Disneyland at no small expense like many other families! However, two weeks before we departed we found out in the news that the special needs access program had changed. I did a lot of reading and went with a positive attitude. I have to say ALL the staff was GREAT! HOWEVER the program has not been well thought out and definitely not field tested. It was cumbersome and not in the best interest of anyone in our family. There were 6 of us and we had to make everyone happy but it was not the  happiest  place for us. My granddaughter has visual impairments and cerebral palsy. For each ride we had to go back to the kiosk to get the specific name of the ride we wanted. There are only 3 kiosks in the park. This is just a not fancy fast pass but a lack of empathy for the families that really face challenges and just want a  normal  experience. I will not be returning anytime soon with my family since it is obvious that if you have  special needs  you are not really wanted!!! (Just your money)I have been going to Disneyland for years since I was very young. I am very sad to say that the magic has been lost. Starting with the fact I gave this company $150.00 for absolutely nothing!I have a friend who works at Disneyland and can get discounted tickets to other theme parks, Disney provides this service to their employees. My friend purchased our Disney tickets and another park. Well her partner accidentally left our tickets in our Las Vegas hotel room when we left for California. So my friend called her employers (Disney) to see what could be done to get us new tickets. She had the receipt, but all they told her was,  Sorry, don't know what to tell you , and  we cannot replace those tickets because if the original tickets are found and used, we will be out money , I am surprised Disney could ever be  out money . So this is how loyal Disney fans are treated. I am really disappointed because I had already spent so much in the park. I took my boyfriend to the very expensive Blue Bayou restaurant and we spent quite a bit in the World of Disney shop. Really sad they couldn't do anything to help us and we (the patrons) have to eat the loss. Sad Disney is so overrated! Not worth the ticket prices, if I hadn't gotten the discounted tickets to Disneyland I wouldn't have paid to get in full price and parking as well. You pay a lot of money to get on 10 rides at the most. Some of the lines were 2 hours long. Dodging baby strollers all day. So not worth it. For how much we paid I could have gotten into Knott's Berry Farm, Seaworld, and Universal Studios and still had shopping money! We will be skipping the Disney hype next time. It's true what they say,  Disneyland, a people trap set by a mouse. We spent two days at Disney in October. Oct 9 and 10. Oct 10 was Friday. We had gone to California Adventure first and the first, second and third ride we attempted to go on were broken! Radiator Springs Racers were broken at Park opening and we weren't even allowed to go close   were told to try again in 2 hours, Then tried California Screamin. Broke just as we got in line. Then went to Grizzly river rapids   closed too....Waited 30 min for Soaring over California and went to Disneyland. Rode Star Tours a couple of times and then went to Indiana Jones   30 min line   we were in the underground portion of the line and it stopped moving, lights came on   BROKEN  We were stuck in there for about 30 min before they got it working again. We got kicked out of Disneyland at 7pm so that they could have the Halloween party there. For this trip we paid $210 each for 2 day park hopper tickets   so this day cost us $105. I figure it was about 20 per ride and we got to wait 30 min for the privilege. I think they let too many people in the park and for a tourist paying top dollar it is just not worth it. This was supposed to be a non busy time too. I do not plan on a return visit anytime in the future.Disneyland is not the happy place it once was.  Plan on waiting in line for bag check, front gate, food, parade, rides, etc.  They need to hire help to stream line some of the process.I was really looking forward to the Disneyland trip, but I was disappointed. The park is small, it`s way too busy (line ups approx 30 60 mins for a 5 minute ride). The princess castle was small (I thought it would be bigger after watching various adverts on TV). I had a 2 day 1 park pass and I am glad I did not buy a 3 day pass because in 2 days of visiting one park (Disneyland) I was really bored. I will not attend it again in the future. It was also too hot outside (31C in October) and when you stand in lines for half an hour or 45 minutes without any shading, you really lose interest in the rides. I am not sure if my experience would be different if I attended in the winter. I cannot imagine people attending the park in the summer when it is in season. I was told that October was off season, but still it was too hot and too busy. I also think for what it is, the park is too expensive.What was supposed to be a magical 9th birthday trip to the  Magic Kingdom  for our grandson was the most unhappiest trip of all. While we expected to find lines at rides we didn't expect to have to wait hours for a ride that lasted less that ten minutes! We spent hard earned money to take our youngest grandson on a trip that we wanted to be special for a grandson who has already overcome health obstacles in his young life. This was a trip I would not recommend to anyone. The so called  fast pass  system is only  fast  in the short times that they are available. Finding the location is like looking for a needle in a haystack! Do not eat the food found at the park  not only is it expensive it is terrible. Disney has always been known for their excellent service. This was not true during this visit. The Disney photographers did not even give us a chance to take pictures of the places we wanted to take  we were moved out of the way rudely. The final straw came when the Pirates of the Caribbean broke down. We were stuck for over 20 minutes! Do NOT visit during any holiday weekend! The overcrowding is unbelievable!!!This place is terrible! The place is crowded, it's so pricey, and you have to pay pay and pay! The lines are long (even the express lines) and everything is for little kids. The food isn't as delicious and the service wasn't helpful and friendly. I really don't recommend this for a family trip. It isn't the happiest place on earth.My family was really looking forward to the Halloween event, but I wasn't really happy with it. The park was entirely too crowded to enjoy. The lines for candy went on forever at most places. Stood in line for near 45 minutes in Toon town for the candy line. The parade was nice, but didn't see the headless horseman they advertise. The lines for rides were long just like any other busy time of the year. I will not return for this event.I keep coming back because I love the concept of the place and my own nostalgia, but I feel like weeping every time I go because it has LOST A LOT OF THE MAGIC that it used to have. If you want to do something to feel that special Disney experience, you have to pay for it and fork over some serious money for the privilege.It has become SO PURELY commercialized. Charging a fortune for everything and crammed into the churning meat grinder. The quality of the merchandise is less than mediocre and most of it is made in China. The real Disney spirit of child like joy and wonder is a paper thin covering over a pit of greed.how can they charge so much money to get in with how crowded it is everyday, you cant enjoy anything. if you go during and shows or events youre herded like cattle. even besides how annoying it is to be shoulder to shoulder with everyone all day, that cant be safe... my wife and i got a premium pass this past year so we got to see first hand all year round and as great as disney is, i will never get a pass again. let alone pay over a $100 to go for a day. i hope someday they find a way to bring the magic back to disneyland and not make it about how much they can charge and how many people they can unsafely pack into the park.For years my family enjoyed a lunch or dinner at the Blue Bayou at Disneyland, now it has priced itself out of my range. I just paid $170 for a lunch for four with no drinks, just water and tea. I ate at Club 33 last year and dinner for 4 with drinks was only slightly more. And these were the low price items on the menu, no desserts and no extra items.We travel to Disneyland annually and more if we can find the time and of course the money. We scheduled our trip this year for the last week in August as usual. We are totally aware of the crowds, lines, heat, etc. However, this year I was completely disappointed disgusted with amount of rides that were broken down repeatedly. We purchased 6 four day park hoppers. ($1710.00 after the last two price increases, WOW!) Anyway, we arrived on a Friday and immediately went to DCA to attempt to get a fast pass for Radiator Springs as we approached the dispensing station we noticed that they were issuing FP for 6:30 7:30 with in a moment the sign was changed to    The FP distribution had commenced for the day   . So we went over to the ride to get in line but it was broke down and they were turning people away. We then walked around to Hollywoodland to get on the Monster   s Inc. ride because it is my youngest   s favorite   .closed, Grizzly River Run   .closed, Goofy   s Sky School   closed. This went on all day. Saturday we chose to spend the day at DL same issues there. Indiana Jones, Splash Mountain, etc. So on Sunday we hoped for a better day we went and had a very nice breakfast at the Story Teller Caf   and then headed back to DCA to try to hit our favorite rides again only to encounter the same. On this day we had stood in line for Grizzly River Run only to have it break down while in line. After 3 days of this we went and complained. This got us absolutely nowhere. You would think that when people spend this amount of money to take their family to Disneyland they would try to make things right by offering a free meal, extra fast passes or something. Nothing, Nada!! Since my children are getting older and have been numerous times, I believe this was our last family trip to Disneyland. It literally is cheaper after airfare, meals, hotel, and park entrance to go to Hawaii   .sad but true!My husband, my 9 year old, and myself were at Disneyland Aug 25 28 with a 3 day park hopper ticket. The first day, we spent most of our time at California Adventure, which had 4 decent  big kid  rides (Cars, Tower of Terror, Grizzly River, and California Screamin'). The second day we planned to spend at Disneyland. We knew Big Thunder Mtn Railroad was closed all summer for repairs, which were kindly noted on their website and app. However, we showed up at the Matterhorn that morning to find out it was down for the week for scheduled maintenance, yet no mention on the website app. It was, however, open the day before, which just annoyed us that we weren't informed or else we would've gone the day before. Then we went to Space Mtn, which broke down while we were in line. We were given a  front of the line  pass for any other ride, which was a formal printed ticket that said  any ride but Matterhorn , which just confirmed they had planned to shut Matterhorn down that week but didn't give ticketholders a courtesy notice. While waiting for the special ticket, another woman was telling us they had gone to Pirates and Indiana Jones first thing that morning and both those rides were broken down, too. Later that day, we got to experience that first hand, as Indy Jones broke down while we were waiting in line, but we were not offered a front of the line pass as a result. Luckily Splash Mtn was open, and Space Mtn was fixed later that day, but all in all, Disneyland was a total bust. They do not have enough  big kid  rides to have 2 of the 5 down for maintenance at the same time. As well, this is the last week of August, of summer, of tons of tourists traveling to LA for vacation before school starts   why don't you schedule maintenance the next week, when everyone's back at school and summer is over? Oh yeah, and we stayed to watch World of Color one night, and that broke down, too, about 5 minutes into the show. They got it going again after about 10 minutes, but by then we were over it and wanted to just go back to the hotel.We were very disappointed and had a hard time finding enough rides to entertain our family for 3 days. You know something's wrong when your 9 year old is begging to leave Disneyland because there isn't enough to do.We won't be back to Disneyland. For future travellers, check the website for scheduled maintenance, if they bother to list it.Bring a water bottle, there are fountains everywhere.Go in the morning, and leave around 2pm, especially if you have a 3 day pass. Just go swimming at your hotel and rest, because you're not missing anything at the park other than long lines. Perhaps go back after 6:30 to catch some of the late night entertainment and cooler weather.And I would say that Disneyland is most ideal for 5 8 year old kids. Younger or older than that, and you'll be struggling.We visited Disneyland during the August school holidays, and were overwhelmed with the amount of people also there. It was soooo busy that it took my 18yr old daughter and I 3 hours to queue for only 2 rides. Needless to say we didn't bother with any other rides. Save yourself the trouble and just go to Six Flags Magic Mountain at Santa Clarita, not that much of a drive from LA. Total waste of $97. Let me start out by saying we love Disneyland and were there on 8 29 13 for over 12 hrs. The issue isn't on the inside of the park but on the outside. When you arrive you have to get in a line before the ticket line and have your bags checked. I have no issue with that but there should be line for people that have no bags to have checked. We waited for 25 minutes for cast members to check bags and fanny packs and strollers. I got lucky and got in the line with a cast member that really takes there job SUPER serious. She looked in every zipper and was so slow people began talking crap in the line. Who wants to stand in line that isn't followed with a ride. My husband is Special Forces Officer and he said this is pure nuts that we have to go through this kind of a search for Disneyland. Oh it doesn't end there! When we finally got done than you go stand in line for the entrance into Disneyland and they take your picture of each person in your party. I asked why are we having our picture taken and the cast member said if you lose your ticket we know it belongs to you and you can get back in. My husband who is an Officer said yeah right they take the picture so if anything goes down in the park they have a face! So we spend the day at the park and at night my husband decides to go back to hotel for an hour. On way out they stamped his hand and away he went. When he came back they said couldn't come back in didn't have his ticket. His hand was stamped and he said well in the morning you guys said if I lost my ticket you had a face to go with it so check that and let me in and why did you stamp my hand then on way out just an hour ago? Long story short he never got back in and my phone was on silent due to parade or I would have gone up to the gate and gave them his ticket. Instead he went back to hotel and called Disneyland to speak with someone in charge that said leave a complaint and we will get back to you. No one ever did! We live in AMERICA not a Third world Country and if his hand was stamped and if our pictures were taken in case of lost ticket why was he on the outside not being let back in. Come on Disneyland get your story straight! Cast members at gate need allot of work and putting the slowest people you can find at the check bags part a huge NO NO for guests paying 175 bucks for two days. These cast members are people's first experience into the park and there day. Someone please tell me why are picture was truly taken since the lost ticket story was a huge lie!Julie LopezSacramento CAJulie LopezSacramento CAI was disappointed during my recent visit to Disneyland. This is all Disney's fault. After all, they are the ones who set my expectations so high in the first place. Disneyworld is amazing. Disneyland has decent rides, and absolutely terrible customer service.First, the parks. If you have been to Disneyworld, then Disneyland will feel like a letdown in comparison. It is in the middle of a city, so you don't get the same experience of being transported to another world as you do with Disneyworld. Everything is smaller, especially the castle. It also feels much more crowded than Disneyworld. California Adventure is neat and has some things you cannot find at Disneyworld.The staff at Disneyland is not nearly as courteous or polite as the staff at Disneyworld. There were two particularly glaring examples of this. I was travelling with my disabled daughter and there were several rides at Disneyland where no attempt was made to provide a reasonable accomodation per ADA guidelines. In all cases, there was nothing about the ride itself or the line structure, etc. that prevented Disney from making an accomodation in our case. They simply chose not to do so. This is not the case at Disneyworld. Disneyland also does not advertise the fact that they fail to comply with ADA requirements, so guests with disabilities who are used to having reasonable accomodations at other parks get no warning that a good percentage of the rides will be unavailable to them until after they have paid their non refundable money for tickets.The ride operators were not polite about the failure to provide accomodations. One man literally screamed at a woman in line in front of me and told her that she should go somewhere else if she didn't like how they had set things up. She and her daughter walked away in tears as a result. Other operators were repeatedly confused and provided conflicting information on where to go when using a guest assistance pass, etc.We stayed to watch the fireworks one night. There were repeated warnings that the park lights would be turned off and we should not move during the fireworks show, so my family and I picked out a spot along the railing to the side of a walkway. Five minutes after the show started, a Disney employee started shining her flashlight in my face and loudly told us that we needed to go somewhere else because we were blocking the walkway. Keep in mind that the walkway was about 20 30 feet wide at this point, and we were taking up at most 2 feet of this as we stood touching the side railing. I politely told the employee that I did not feel safe trying to move with my 3 small children in the darkness. She responded by threatening to call security and have me kicked out of the park! During this exchange, my oldest daughter got confused and started to follow the Disney employees instructions by walking off into the dark night into a crowd of people. It took us 5 10 minutes to find her and the Disney employee refused to let me use her flashlight or provide any other help in locating the child that she had caused to get lost.These experiences unfortunately marred what should have been a very enjoyable experience at Disneyland.Park was clean well organized. Wasted my time trying in Guest Relations and supervisors to honor my full price park hopper Florida tickets. Even made me go back twice to Guest Relations  to see what they could do , per supervisor; only to be told  sorry don't know why they told you to come back , the day we were going I wasted a day and was forced to leave because of what they did. Total humiliation and embarrassment. Had to pay $274 more for two tickets and two they honored. Ridiculous bc honored tickets were from 1992 and the other tickets were from 2011.So I can use the tickets in Florida even though the tickets were paid for and valid. Very unhappy and humiliated. I did go back a few days later and used money that was budgeted for something else. Disney doesn't care. The only good thing was a staff member named Vanessa who was an Disney employee in Downtown Disney who on our first visit tried to help and make my friends baby granddaughter's first visit special. Vanessa was outstanding, sprinkling the baby with Pixie dust and gave her a Mickey and Minnie picture. Then we had to leave. I paid for 2 more tickets $274 when I already had valid unused tickets. Disneyland didn't care.We took our 2 boys on an annual trip to something Disney because we are vacation club members. We usually visit Disney World in Florida and always enjoy our stay. The hotel was absolutely everything we had come to expect of Disney. We walked through the park on the first day and were greeted with a smile from a girl who wanted us to take a survey when our trip was complete. It was the last smile we saw! The staff managed to ruin everything from extra magic hours to meals at the hotel. They made everyone stand in long lines to check bags, even if you didn't have one! Asked for room keys and ID's after entering the park. Not once, but 3 times! By the back of the park! Everyone just going through the motions. I don't believe I will be returning anytime soon.While flying home, I reminded my wife of the one friendly greeting we received and could not wait to take the survey. Just to let them know how unhappy my 4 days were. Even that was a mess! This was not the Disneyland I remembered. Universal Studio was an excellent day!If you hate crowds, crying children and long lines, then run (don't walk) far, far away. Disney World in Florida is significantly better managed. Guests in wheelchairs waited longer than guests standing in long, long lines! The weather was pleasant, but the staff was not. Our first mistake was to Fast Pass a ride in Tomorrowland. Although it was 9:15, the Fast Pass was for 3:30 and that eliminated using Fast Pass for the rest of the day (the return sign was wrong when it said 10:30). There are so many other great parks in southern California, do yourself a favor and skip Disneyland. Your children and spouse will thank you in the end!I attend a conference every other year in Long Beach and bring the family to enjoy a holiday with me. We go to Disneyland every time. Likely won't be going for awhile. Besides the ridiculous price of $131 U.S. for a one day flex pass to get into both parks, the place is showing its wear. The park staff have no sense of humour or interest. It's a  let's get it done but I have better things to do  attitude, lack of enthusiasm or interest and  if I don't look at you, you can't see me  experience we had everywhere we went throughout either park. Simple questions like  where is the Fastpass station for the Colour of Wonder show  met with avoidance on three occasions. The breakdowns of the rides became a running joke. California Screaming, Haunted House, Toontown ride, Indiana Jones, Log ride, Buzz lightyear and the Grizzley River Ride were all closed on the same day! What did I pay $700 CA$ for the five of us for? To stand in endless lineups everywhere we went and not get onto the ride? The kicker was when each of the rides would be closed down and we had already wasted half an hour in the line up. No refunds for this, Disney? How about I start charging you for my time wasted?Happiest place on earth? Only if you are drunk, I assume. There should be a law on how much Disney should be allowed to charge for water, too. At $3 a 355ml bottle on a day that is well over 30 degrees is absolutely robbery. We brought 10 small bottles (2 for each of us) that was gone by 10:00 am. We then went through about $100 just in water for the rest of the day. Seeing how dirty the water fountains are kept us to the bottled variety. Perhaps another Disney strategy. Bathroom facilities dirty and tons of toilet paper on the floor. Try sending someone in there periodically to wipe off the counter top and restock the papertowel. Bang for your buck? Maybe a once in a lifetime over more days, but definitely not for one day! LegoLand is starting to look a better attraction.Visited July 2013 with my 25 year old daughter, and two grand daughters. 5 and 2. For a 2 day park hopper was $206 each. The 2 year old was free, To charge that much for 2 days and then have to wait in lines to do anything for hours is not good. To top it off anything you buiy there is so over priced. $10 for a beer, Water $5, anything to eat at one of the cafes was appox. $15 per plate. They charge you $18 for a stroller rental, WOW, you would think that since the tickets cost so m,uch and you reallty don't go on many rides because the wait is just to long that they would give the strollers a much cheaper rental. Was not impressed with anything there, the kids like it but for the parents its almost unaffordable. We visited Knotts Berry Farm one day and it was on $66 per son, 2 year old free however the things for the kids to do was way better and the line wait for maybe 15 minutes, If you think about it by the time you pay to get to get there, the hotel charge, food and getting into the parks cost more than if we booked a vacation in a resort somewhere like Mexico just about anywhere else. Never would I do that againDisneyland is supposed to be magical. It wasn't. It was hot and everything was very expensive. The rides were horrible. I didn't get to ride anything. When it comes down to everything, go once. Everyone should go once in their lives. Don't go back though.Disneyland should limit the amount of people they admit each day. It cost roughly $400 for a family of 4 to go there and some of the lines are 1.5 hours long. This is crazy. I know everyone wants to take their kids there but do yourself a favour, go elsewhereI cannot believe how much money we paid for tickets and what we were able to do in the park due to the crowds.....unbelievable! We visited the park in the early 80's when our children were young and wanted our grandchildren to experience it now. Not even close to the fun we had back then. Long, long lines for everything! And the cost for food, merchandise and even a bottle of water was ridiculous! The park is still really clean and it has lots to see and do but you are very limited to what you'll experience due to the huge amount of people wanting to experience the same thing. If you have the luxury to go during the winter on a weekday, I think you'll have better luck getting your moneys worth than we did.We got there early in the morning at 9 am and we left at 12 am at midnight. It was really crowded like judgement day. I did not like the fact to stand up for hours to watch a parade or a show. I think Disney management should consider controlling park entry and population by not allowing park population to exceed certain number on a given day, through paid reservations. Food was extremely expensive and not too many choices. I enjoyed Disney World better last time I was there 4 years back. I wont advice, but good luck.After spending over 4K to visit Disneyland, we are so disappointed we went. Numerous rides broken down and  or closed while on the ride, waiting for the ride, or in line for ride. Shuttles were too full to board and never on time, Ariel's Grotto was a hurry up and eat, blink and you miss seeing the princesses ($200 for our family of 5 to eat there). Very impersonal. Parade float broke down before Mickey's parade so it was 30 min late. During that same parade ANOTHER parade float broke down. After listening to Princess Tiana sing the same two songs four times, our daughters asked to leave the parade.Super shuttle went to wrong hotel to pick us up to take us to airport. Almost missed our plane ride home.Very disappointed. Will not go back.We did not go to Disneyland because the price are too high. A two day   two park pass for 2 adults the price is $400.00, the last time we were down in Anaheim the prices were much cheaper around $190.00 for two adults for a two day two park pass. But we went to downtownDisney it was free admission except that you had to go through security and have your bagschecked which I felt was not necessary.I go to Disneyland on average once a year & this was probably my worst experience. Many of the cast members I talked to were friendly, & the crowds (extremely large for a Monday, probably due to the first day of summer for a lot of people yesterday) are something I can't control, but my biggest complaint was the rides.If I'm going to pay $90  for a ticket now, can you at least make sure the rides have regularly scheduled maintenance instead of compromising guest safety & happiness by only fixing them when they break down in the middle of the day!! We waited 40min appx. for Indiana Jones for instance then had to wait another 15min because the ride broke down. This was the story for at least half the rides we tried to go on they did honor our fast passes (as they should've).On top of that, I understand that Disneyland by default is expensive for food & souveneirs, but when you're charging $7.00  for ONE slice of pizza that is ridiculous!Overall very frustrating this time around, but hey, as long as thousands of people pour into the park every day, Disneyland will continue to employ these outrageous business tactics.I find this review very hard to write. I am 50 years old and have, my entire life, visited Disneyland a minimum of twice a year. Growing up we weren't very wealthy but my father loved this place and what Walt Disney stood for SO MUCH that he brought us to the park all the time. It has been such a magical place for me and ultimately for my children (now aged 21   26). We have been pass holders before passes were so affordable and easy to acquire. I know that  once upon a time  Disneyland didn't have competition, but now people have so many attractions to choose from that Disneyland may no longer be first choice.In the past year, I have noticed a great change in Disneyland. The first thing is how busy it is on almost any day of the year. Due to the annual passes, many can come everyday if they choose to. I have been at the park during a school week and the park is filled with Mom's and their toddlers. They use the park as a place to entertain their kids and then around 3:30 all heck breaks lose when parents of tweens and teenagers drop their kids off at the main entrance and drive off to have a peaceful evening. Translation for the adult Disneyland enthusiast is a crowded park with long lines 90% of the time. It has become impossible to ride a substantial amount of rides in one day. We have averaged 5 6 rides PERIOD.I feel that this enslaught of unattended teenagers has caused the  cast members  of Disneyland to also lose their cool. With each subsequent visit I find more and more not friendly cast members (Disneyland employees are referred to as Cast Members, not employees). Our last visit was my breaking point, when we were accosted by a front gate cast member and then her Lead Cast Member (supervisor) was just as nasty as her. Very unprofessional behavior for any park, absolutely unheard of from Disneyland, or is it? When a supervisor supports the nasty behavior from their employee I then know that this issue goes straight to the top. There is a managing employee that has told them whether directly or indirectly that this behavior is allowable. VERY unacceptable for my family and I. At this point my husband was demanding I have his annual pass cancelled and my 21year old son wanted to do the same with his own pass. This is how bad the situation was.The last major complaint I have is their food quality and service. I used to be excited that I would get to graze all day in the park. This is no longer the case. The food is horrific, badly made, badly kept fresh and absolutely horrible temperatures. I find that the food in not only tasteless but I am sure can be dangerous to our health. I know you are asking where are the health inspectors, think about this. A health inspector will have to come in through a secured entrance where they will announce their intent. A quick radio call to lead supervisors gets the park on alert immediately and things are put in place prior to the inspector having a chance to come to one of the food vendors. This last trip we ate at the Taste Pilot's Grill, which is located in the California Adventure Park near the Soaring over California ride. You can read my review of that restaurant next. : ) Let's keep it short the food was horrendous. Cold cheaply made and they charged an arm and a leg. The service was nothing to get excited about either. No wonder we found seats in the patio area, people already knew to avoid this place.So what to do? Disney will eventually realize that the peoplel who actually spend money at Disneyland are no longer visiting, or when we do visit we keep it short and sweet. We do our shopping and eating away from the park. I know that my family of 10 (whose passes I pay for) will not be rushing to visit anytime soon. I am really hoping that Disneyland comes to it's senses and realizes just because the park is busting at the seams everyday may not be the wisest business decision when it comes to money. And that if they do not pick up their employee training and create happy cast members again, that the customers coming to the park will also start behaving in an angry nasty manner. I know we left for the first time ever before closing because of our experience with the nasty gate agent. We left because we could no longer be nice, the agent set our tone for us.I really hope changes are affected, I miss the enchancted kingdom as it once was.Buyer beware   if you go on a grad night, you're making a HUGE mistake. I still have a complaint letter I need to write to Disney's Guest Relations...We spent over $600 on 2 days (Tues and Wed in May) at Disneyland with our 2 twin 5 year olds. Yes, the place was clean and the employees are incredible and all would be great with 80% less people. The lines are ridiculous, the Fast Pass process at CarsLand is useless, and when we did the Fast Pass for the Tower, we still were in line to wait for 45 minutes so we just left. I can't believe people spend so much time at this park and wait in the lines. what's the point? Good parts were Space Mountain (Fast Pass worked there, we went early) and the lake pavilion area at Adventure Park. not as crowded. Goofy's Diner was great   expensive but an easy way to see the characters without the crowds.We visited the park the day after Memorial day figuring that the holiday weekend was over and the lines would not be unreasonable. Boy, were we wrong! The local schools apparently get both the holiday and the day after off and the park was absolutely packed with local kids! There were hour  long waits for everything there! If you are going to be there anytime around a holiday, you may want to call ahead to get a local's perspective on what to expect.May 28 my lil guy turn 4 years old so we decide to take him to the happiest place on earth. but, my son fault so out of place.he wasnt able to ride most of the ride in the park because he 39  and half tall. and u need to be 40  so i was like maybe toon town u would enjoy but, it was closed for hours do to one of disneyland worker putting a dry ice boom in the trash can. how crazy is that! So i called Disneyland to let them know we had a terrible time all the said, was  sorry  and took down my phone  ,first,last, and address. The guy didnt even care i spend over $500 on just getting into the park, snacks and drinks. NEVER AGAIN!!Definitely NOT the happiest place around, in fact, complete rip off! World of Color  do NOT get ripped off buying the crazy $16 valueless snack pack so you can get tickets to 'front of line', NOT! Front of line means you should get there at least 2 hours before the show and line up and hope you get close to the front. If you want to wait 2 hours, there are lots of free spots without having to spend $16 for $3 worth of COLD food!In Bug land, and when the temperature was around 85F, my kids was trying to have fun in the 'jumping fountains' where they can run through splashing water and was shocked when a staff member told them they MUST be fully clothed with shoes and socks!! Most ridiculous thing I have ever heard in my entire life.I am not sure why they advertise themselves as the happiest place on earth? We seldom saw smiling faces...grumpy faces outnumber happy ones 10:1? check it out for yourself!we went the week of May 20 and line ups were mostly 30 45 minutes. I know Disney can do many thing to speed up the lines but why would they? They have collected your $$$ and why would they care? many rides were shut down throughout the day with no reason given. This Disney park caters predominately to locals with several attractions and shows only operating on the weekends or during holidays (including fireworks). Staying on property does include an early hour in the park but many of the attractions do not open early. There were artificially long lines because of low staff numbers. For example at It's a Small World only one of two loading areas were open because they only had enough cast members to operate the one. Cast members in general seemed very unhappy. Unlike Walt Disney World, this is not a multi generational park   with most guests being teenagers going to the park after school.If you have kids, this place is perfect.I've been to disney in Florida, which was great, obviously a lot bigger but I thought I'd give this place a go while visiting LA. 2 of the main rides, were closed. Which we weren't told till we had walked up to them. Which left 3 main rides (which weren't great). The queues were enormous and there was only fast pass for 5 of them. Which was unless when the 2 main ones we wanted to go on weren't open. We did the park in 3.5 hours. I was hoping to spend at least 6 hours there. There was that little to do. We went after Easter. Place was packed. Hard to imagine how bad it'd be in peak season. Kids would love it, but 16  I would say, give it a miss and go to their adventure park or universal. Universal was Outstanding. We didn't make it to Anaheim's adventure park, but it couldn't have been any worse than this one  (for our age group). I'm 27 and my partner is 35.Very overpriced for what you get. Virtually every ride you could put a 5 year old on. We looked massively out of place without kids in toe. Florida one is much better.The ART bus service to Anaheim station is also pretty rubbish. 45 min wait and then they didn't show up. The Anaheim LA Amtrak train is also a bit a of a nightmare. Our return train was delayed and the operator told us it could be there in 10 min or 5 hours. They didn't know when it would appear, so we had no choice but to pay $80 for a taxi back to LA. So I would suggest hiring a car if you go to Anaheim, public transport round that way is rubbish! Wish we didn't go!We came here with our 4 year old son, so it should be said he had fun   for about 3.5 hours. That's about $23 hour. The last time we saw Disneyland was in 1984 and there has been little done to improve it   the rides are the same, the place could use bright paint and new walkways. To be honest, it was deflating to see it had not changed, except that it was overcrowded.We came on the Friday (there by 9 am). The parking and entry is well organized to get people in. Once you are there, the lines are minimum 25 minutes (even with Fastpass)   and with little kids, that gets very tiring. We happened to catch Goofy early on and waited 5 minutes, but all other characters were minimum 30 minutes by 10:30 am. Not our cup of tea!It is nice that they let you take strollers, food and drink   otherwise this would have been an even more expensive venture. (Take your valuables with you when you get on a ride, and leave your stroller...)For us, Disneyland was enough for a one time visit, but never again.Unfortunately Disneyland is past it's glory days, tickets are overpriced compared to other parks, even mid week queues are long, a couple of rides were 45 mins, Wasn't happy to have 5 rides out of action including 2 of 3 roller coastersBoth other times I've visited the park was clean and shinny, today it was dirty & tiredMy biggest whinge is that park hasn't changed & updated it rides, not much has changed in 20 yearsI visited 4 other theme parks with my Family over last couple of weeks & I saved Disneyland for last but very disappointed & come dead last compared to other parks we went toKnotts Berry & 6 Flags had a lot more as rides for half the price plus the rides were much better Seaworld & Universal are much cleaner, a little cheaper, have way shorter queues & they have newer attractions Won't be back!Long queues, outdated rides and expensive food sums up the day. It really needs a full makeover and new rides to lift it back to it's famous standard. If you are looking for good theme parks there are far better ones out there.I expected Disneyland to be crowded because it was Easter week and many students are out of school but I have never seen it like this before. We went on Tuesday, thinking it wouldn't be as bad as going on the weekend. I was disappointed in the FastPass system. You get a ticket at an attraction which tells you when you can come back and get right on so you don't have to stand in long rides. Without this ticket you can be in line for 2 hours. So as not to have people running around collecting all the Fast Pass tickets at all the attractions at once there is a time written on the ticket when you can get a ticket to a second attraction. We got our first ticket at 11am for a 3 4pm ride and could get our next FastPass at 1:30pm. The problem was there were NO passes left in the park by that time! Our other big disappointment came while waiting to get on Space Mountain. Without a FastPass we were going to be waiting 90 minutes (there is a clock outside the ride so you know what you're in for!) but after over an hour of waiting we were told that the ride was being shut down and they couldn't say when it would be back up and running. This was so disappointing and we had no desire to go stand in any other line as everything we saw was posted as a 90 minute wait. Groan...We had planned on staying until closing but left around 7pm to look for a restaurant outside of the park grounds. After this last visit I wonder if it's really worth $125 day to... 1) wait for hours on end to enjoy a 45 second ride2) spend time in the queue for everything from going to the washroom to grabbing a 'meal' to paying for your souvenirs. You gotta line up and wait for EVERYTHING. 3) Overpriced   from the funnel cakes, drinks and the ice cream bars to the poorly prepared and pathetically presented 'meals' in dangerously over crowded restaurants to the key chains mugs t shirts stuffed plushies (which by the way you could pick up at the ABC store less than a block from the maingate for mere pennies   same stuff), it's all over priced. 4)Crowded crowded crowded   can't find a seat in the 'restaurants', can't find a spot to watch the parades, can't find a spot to sit and watch the water show(even after being directed to a specific spot by an employee   only to be told later by another employee that we couldn't sit there   we were then directed to sit behind this bush over here that's partially blocked by that garbage can which of course is hidden behind that fence which is then blocked by 10,000 people)   we ended up just hopping into the queue to get out of this place and watched an ad for the watershow on our hotel Disney channel. So...in a nutshell, not the best experience. Went with some older family members this time and were completely disappointed and frustrated. No character's running about like before. The parades had less floats than before. The addition of the watershow only turned into a huge disappointment. Thankfully when we were there last time with young family members, we got to see Mickey, Minnie, Goofy(even though the niece was terrified of him), Max, princesses...the parade was totally worth the wait then. I'm just glad that this time it was only adults who were able to live with the disappointments.A word of advice to those families out there who are planning a trip to LA to do the Disney thing. Come in February or November. Take your kids out of school and avoid the peak season. Cheaper to fly to LA, cheaper for hotels, no ridiculous lines queues crowds. It may be worth the outrageous prices if there aren't those things to worry about.After all was said and done, we were joking that for an extra 10$ a night we could have got a parkside room and watched the fireworks nightly from the room and saved on the park fee, especially since the best view of the new watershow was looping on the hotel's Disney channel endlessly day in day out. So, paying $125 for a day of waiting...waiting...waiting...and waiting, only be just so frustrated that we left the park early. Is it worth it???Like SeaWorld in San Diego, Disneyland and California Adventure have a  no food  policy. That is to say, you're not allowed to bring in any food or drinks. This is ostensibly  because there aren't enough picnic tables to accommodate people who bring food, and people who buy food inside the park . I happen to know a former SeaWold executive who told me what everyone knows to be the real reason: they don't allow you to bring in food, because they want you to buy theirs. To understand this, you need to know that at these places, it's less to do with  magic  and all about the trickery of making vast amounts of cash. At SeaWorld their objective is to extract $100 a day per adult, in parking, food, drinks and merchandise ($60 per child)   this is after paying an already exorbitant entrance fee. Markup on what they sell across the board isn't the typical retail 50%, but (brace yourself) upwards of 1,600%. I couldn't believe it either, but when you consider that a hot dog costs less than 25 cents to produce, and the fact that they sell them for $8, then this figure is accurate. The crowding is all part of their marketing plan too. Although they could limit numbers into the park to avoid the horrendous waits, they don't   and there's a reason for this: if you're swiftly able to go from amusement to amusement, you're less likely to stop and buy anything.    For their part, it's smart marketing. Caveat emptor.    So how do you save money at Disneyland and California Adventure? Here's how: don't eat there! Bring in as much food and drink you think you'll require and if they hassle you at the gate when they search your bag, tell them you require a special diet because you have  type 2 diabetes . The dimwit checking your bag probably won't even know what diabetes is; all you need to tell him her is that in the U.S., diabetes is considered a disability and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973   states that no person entering a  public accommodation  can be subjected to any form of discrimination. Legally, public amusement parks are defined as a public accommodation.     But I'm not diabetic?    So what? They're using deceit to fleece you, why can't you do the same to save yourself a lot of money? Two meals at SeaWorld for a family of four will set you back more than $100. The equivalent from any supermarket will cost you no more than $30.   By the way, regarding your having diabetes; you have to prove nothing. Just like they can't ask a wheelchair bound person why they require a wheelchair, they have no right to ask you to prove that you have diabetes. If you want a coup de grace, get yourself an inexpensive arthritis bracelet.We love Disneyland and make frequent visits from our home in Colorado. For us, Disneyland is magic. We mistakenly thought April was past spring break time. It was wall to wall gridlock and a miserable experience. All you could do was to concentrate on trying to find a way to make your path and the magic that should be Disneyland was totally lost. Do not even bother to go when it's this crowded, it's just a really unpleasant experience.Huge mistake! I thought the crowds during the summer were bad. They make the park seem empty compared to going during spring break. A 3 hour wait for the new Cars ride and fastpasses were all out by 10:15? No thanks. 2 hour wait for Space Mountain? Just trying to walk around was diffiult. Next time, we are going to take our kids out of school. At least the kids had fun.We arrived at 5pm in the hope that it would be less crowded in the evening, but were we wrong! The place was extremely crowded, even on a non holiday weekday. 40 50 minute waits were standard. So we only managed 3 rides, but the Space Mountain ride was a thrill! Overall, a waste of money. The best thing was the fireworks! Very expensive and so commercial. Beware of the strollers!! They are everywhere!!!!!due to traffic, we didnt arrive until 4 but still had to pay the full price ($87 PER person). The place was a zoo, even on a non holiday weekday. 30 40 minute waits were standard.Your entertainment dollars are better spent elsewhere. If you have kids obsessed with princesses, get there early and get it done in a dayI'm probably going to get shot down here, but I found the original Disneyland Resort to be dated, and worn out, with many of the rides in exactly the same condition that they were during my last visit in the 90's. the rides all utlise old technology, and the Animatronics are so 70's! The downtown Disney area was an interesting side attraction, with plenty of shopping opportunities. While it still offers a fun day out, it is probably better suited to people who enjoy the older style attractions, and reminiscing about old times.My overall experience would have been a great one if it hadn't been for the new ticket entrance process at Disneyland. Each line has two customer reps   one takes a picture of you and the other checks for the validate date. While my family was waiting in line for a magic morning, the person in front of us had mistakenly taken another family member's ticket and the line was held up. After 10 minutes, I asked if my family could get through at the next line but the rep said she already verified our pictures so we had to stay in the current line. Another 5 minutes passed and the people behind us also started complaining and walking to other lines so my family followed. Once I got into the park, I went to guest services and complained that half of our magic morning was ruined with this poorly executed process and bad customer services. Oh, did I mention that the device that Disney uses for picture validation is slow and it takes about twice the time to get into a park? Also, it is not fun at all if you have a park hopper ticket and have to go through the same ticket validation with each re entrance.My husband and I went on a Sunday and there were sooooo many people with such long lines for everything. It was difficult to walk through the crowds and we really didn't have any space because there was always someone right next to us throughout the entire 8 hours we spent there! The pizza we ate ($8.00 1 slice!) near Space Mountain was horrible; do not go there unless you enjoy wasting your money! Small World wasn't open and the Monorail was having  technical difficulties  after we stood in line & wasted 45 minutes of our time. Lastly, we really felt that the park was  outdated  and not as clean as in years past. We felt that Disney needs to spend some of the millions that they earn each year in beautifying the park upgrade the rides. Comparing Disneyland to CA Adventure Park is a no brainer, go to CA Adventure Park instead.For the ridiculous prices Disney is now charging their people should be polite   like in the recent past, their food should at least be tasty if it can't be a bit less expensiveHave been coming here for over 25 years. Same sad attractions and over priced food and souvenirs. Its a retail store with rides and over priced everything. Why change or improve anything when the entire world is brain washed into thinking this is the happiest place on earth?The trip to Disney is supposedly one of the great experiences for families, couples, or people of any age. However, when you witness the lineups at 9.30 in the morning on a weekday in January, then you become aware of the potency of the Disney marketing machine. The Disney scenes are very impressive, and the Cars ride has a fantastic backdrop, but I am not sure any of the rides are worth spending so much time waiting in line for. if you don't line up for the fastpass as soon as you get in, then you might well miss the ride unless you can handle long line ups of 2 hours  for a 4 minute ride. One can only imagine how bad it is in summer or on weekends, when almost all the rides will be affected.In reality, it is fine for small kids, but once over 10 years old, the attractions are limited and there are many parks that have more and are significantly cheaper. The attraction of Disney is incredible as you can see large crowds on all days, and horrendous numbers on weekends. Food is expensive, as are drinks and snacks. With two parks, Disney has managed to increase revenues substantially, even charging you an extra $30 if you want to go from one to the other, something that appeals as you can easily get through one in a few hours (unless you spend most of that time in line ups). The older Disneyland park is looking tired, its attractions are dated, especially when compared to smaller parks, but other larger parks are now substantially more interesting with far better rides.It might be the happiest place on earth for Disney shareholders, but lots of people are paying a lot of money for participating in one of the great marketing exercises of all time.We travelled specifically to Anaheim mid January with our children aged 9 and 10 years to visit Disneyland. This was after a 4 month trip to many world destinations. Disneyland was the biggest let down of our entire trip. I feel Disneyland has got greedy, charging exhorbitant prices for food and merchandise. OK, we didn't have to buy anything   and we avoided it as much as we could. Actually bought Disney products at Target store and they were really cheap. But the biggest negative aspect of the visit was the endless queues and the long waits to get into the park in the morning. We went after the holiday season in LA when it was supposed to be quiet and still the wait time for all rides was at least 30 mins. Cars Land was 180 mins. The ride is amazing tho when you get on. Without the Fast Pass system we would have been hooped. Managed to do about 4 5 key rides a day using this. So if you go, be sure to master it early on. We bought a 3 day pass to get the Magic Morning early entry. That day it took 55 mins for the staff to process the queue so we could just get in the gate. Arrrrrggggghhhh, try explaining that to 2 really gutted kids. Their excuse was that they were trialling a new photo ID system to prevent fraud. Well I do not agree that I should have to pay over $1000 NZ dollars to be part of your trial and stand in a ridiculous queue. Bad brand experience Disney!!! I really feel for the price and the time standing in queues it was not good value at all. Why do they not limit the number of tickets sold each day? We did the Alcatraz tour in San Fran and this in on a limited ticket basis and you have to book weeks in advance. But it was fabulous and a great experience. Just felt Disneyland was all about the $$$ and not the experience. I hate to be negative, but I am being totally honest here about how disappointed we were. We will not be back and we are warning everyone here in NZ to think carefully about the huge expense to travel to LA and then have this kind of experience.I had a very unpleasant experience while I was visiting Disneyland Resort, Anaheim, on December 31, 2012, yes, it was New Year's Eve, and it was at around 11:30pm when I was trying to catch the New Year's countdown and fireworks at Disneyland (from 10:00pm ~ 11:20pm, I was in California Adventure Park to see the World of Color show). I would like to share my experience with you and hope there will be an improvement on Disneyland's procedure for multi day passes.I had a 5 day Park Hopper ticket and was re entering Disneyland park, I presented my ticket and my photo ID to the lady named Isabella (if I remember correctly), she was looking at my ticket and questioning me why the ink was not dark, I said I did not do anything to make the ink fade, in fact, I used the pen provided by Disneyland to write down my name on the ticket on the first day of my visit, after that, I just kept using my ticket, the ink was fading by itself, nothing I could do about it. She insisted on saying that the pen was the permanent mark, the ink should not fade at all. I said if the ink was fading, then the pen was really not a permanent mark. She asked me to step aside saying someone would check my ticket, I had no choice but to follow the order, however, I never expected I would wait for more than 10 ~ 15 minutes (it felt like forever) to get my ticket back. I was in a hurry to join the crowd for the countdown and fireworks, but the Disneyland lady and her lead seemed not caring about it at all.They took their time and did not even bother to care my concerns. I asked the lady when I could get my ticket back, and why it took so long to check the ticket, she simply answered  my lead had your ticket ...  with very arrogant, cold, and careless atitude, and no explanation on why it took so long. I said anxiously that I needed to catch the fireworks, but she DID NOT CARE AT ALL!!!All my family members got in with their tickets, but they had to wait for me, they really did not understand what was wrong with my ticket, my name was still there, just the ink was light, there was no sign on misusing of the ticket.Finally after a long time, her lead Robert came back and gave the ticket back to me, Isabella used a pen to put the new ink on my name. I asked Robert why it took so long to check my ticket, again he simply said  oh, I needed to validate your ticket ... . Okay, you could validate my ticket, but with the world class Disneyland park, it took more than 10 ~ 15 minutes to validate a ticket? and I was blocked at the door for almost 20 minutes in total from the beginning to the end. There were no apologies from Disneyland staff at all! I was so frustrated and upset.My whole family went to the City Hall and spoke to the management. We brought up our concerns seriously; while we were in the City Hall, we missed the countdown plus the beginning of the fireworks, we rushed to the outside and watched the fireworks from a not so good view point, my Dad missed the whole fireworks since he continued discussing our concerns with the manager.The incident totally ruined our New Year's Eve celebration at Disneyland which was the most important part of our visit, and I just do not understand why I should be punished while it was not my fault at all? If anything was wrong, it was the pen, the pen was provided by the Disneyland Park, I had nothing to do with it. Because of the poor  permanent mark , it wasted my and my family members' precious 20 minutes on New Year's Eve, plus the time to report our concerns.I visited Disneyland, LA, two times in 2011 with my 5 day and 6 day tickets, I enjoyed my visits and felt the Disneyland staff was so friendly and well trained. But the experience I had in 2012 destroyed my good impression on Disneyland completely. We already felt a lot of inconvenience of showing both the tickets and the ID's in 2012, and then on top of it, a lot of suspicions and distrust. I paid $300 for my ticket, and I did not think I should be treated like that way.I really feel a new solution should be come up to respond to this situation. I saw some other guests with the valid tickets were blocked at the entrance too; to me, that experience is the ultimate insult and humiliation. I always use valid tickets, and with the tickets I was never ever blocked at the door anywhere else except Disneyland. We were coming for the happiness, but not for the distrustfulness, the interesting thing was, after that lady rewrote my name on the ticket using the pen, a couple of days later, the ink faded again! I still have my ticket with the faded ink.Disneyland did not have a good procedure for the multi day tickets, the current procedure is not working!! the pen was not actually a permanent mark, therefore, Disneyland should take the consequence, but not me, not the guests!!!The park was fun, but with the overcrowding and long line ups I really think I paid way too much for a family of 6. Won't be back. There are a lot of other places that I will get good value for my entertainment dollar.J.R.At between $80   $112 per person for a one day pass, you would think that it must be good at the cost. In reality, we went on January 3rd which was still the US school holidays, and only managed to get on 2 basic rides during the whole day with the kids due to the queues. Its a lot smaller than Floridas Disneyworld   so large volumes of people make it unmanageable. The average fast pass availability was 4hrs later than the ticket issue   and we got there at 10am and spent an hour parking and getting in. Simply joining a line for a ride without a fastpass meant an average of 50   80 minutes, which was too much for kids under 7 to tolerate. We ended up just riding around on the park train and having a burger   which proved to be the most expensive fast food given that we could have went ot a Burger King outside and saved $500 for a family of four. It seems that many local residents have annual passes so just go for a day out at no extra cost, so it means foreign visitors pay a premium for a disappointing service. They should really consider applying a capacity limit so that you can have a reasonable chance of benefiting from what is an expensive day out with no guarantee of even getting on many rides. you could hardly even walk around, very disappointing.This is the visit that made me never want to come back to a Disney park! Sad. True, we were there over the holidays, but the crowding was really impossible. They should consider a system for limited entry on given dates or charge premiums. It is terrible to pay the high entry charges and then discover that all the rides you want to go on have 90  minute waits. To top it off, on one day we went to the new Cars Land in CA Adventure and the Radiator Springs ride broke down THREE times. We had fastpass 2x for this ride and the last time, we waited for 45 min to an hour in the fastpass line and were actually seated in the car of the ride when it broke down AGAIN and we were literally asked to get out of the car (they gave us another fastpass for late at night, which was useless to us).CA Adventure was more pleasant because less crowded, but Disneyland itself was very unpleasant  shoulder to shoulder people and foot traffic unable to move due to overcrowding & strollers. They had staff trying to direct people in crowded areas (e.g. entry to Indiana Jones narrow passage near Jungle cruise; near It's a small world, etc.). I was unable to ride my favorite rides due to long waits. The kids have been looking forward to this trip all year and were very disappointed. We spent a lot of time just walking between rides, waiting in lines for everything, and trying to move through the crowds, which is very tiring. My worst Disney experience yet! I will not go back for a long time...we felt cheated.We visited Disneyland Park on December 28 and while we were prepared to brave the crowds since it is the holiday season after all, we did not expect to see the park that packed. When you get into the parking lot, the cashier asked us if we already had tickets, which we had already purchased online. He let us in after paying the $15 fee and handed us a green ticket that stated that Disneyland Park was busy so they were not letting in people anymore. I guess that is Disney's way of lifting off their liabilities. We had the 2 day, one park per day package and were visiting LA with a 6 year old. So it is not like we had the luxury of coming back another day where it was less busy.We were still able to get in despite the extreme business. It was packed, so packed that you could barely see the grounds. I felt unsafe to get around and was holding my daughter's hands the whole time. We tried to get by during the parade so we could do some ride. Impossible.Average wait time was 50 minutes for each ride. We only managed to do 2 rides in between the parade in the 4 1 2 hours we were there. Food is awful and extremely expensive. $35 for the 2 worst hamburgers we ever had and a mini pizza which was more dough than pizza and 3 drinks, that is extreme. We also had to line up for that 20 minutes. And line up for the washrooms.It was a big disappointment for us and anything but magical. They take so much money yet make it impossible to experience more that 2 3 rides per visit. That is over $20 per ride, a rip off, if you ask me.I don't know if there is ever a slow time. Avoid if you can.They WAY over sell the park admission. Day after Christmas we expected it to be crowded, but not like this. EVERY single land was elbow to elbow crowded and we did three rides from 9am 7pm. It was horrible! Asked our 5 year old granddaughter if she liked Disneyland the next morning, she just lowered her eyes and shrugged her shoulders. Greed has replaced invention and fun in Disneyland! Walt would be very sad to see what it has come to.We spent 5 1 2 days at Disneyland and California Adventure in the first week of December. And thank goodness we had so long as the parks were VERY crowded. We tried to line up 30 minutes before the parade and we ended up somewhere we could only see the back of the floats :(The tickets were EXPENSIVE (A$1100 for 5 day park hoppers for our family of 2 adults and 2 children). If you want to wait less than an hour to see a character, you have to pay $100  for a character breakfast. If you want a seat for the Candlelighter's performance, that will be $50. I paid $6 for a hot dog that was a micro bun and a small sausage. I've had better food, and more reasonably priced, in airports :( If you want to actually see World of Color, buy a meal that includes a fast pass to a reserved area. It's add on, add on, add on. Which after shelling out $1100 to get in the gate, I thought was too much.The lines were horrendous. 45 minutes to get in the gate with our pre paid tickets on day 2 as they were checking photo ID of EVERYONE who had more than a one day ticket. So that was basically everyone. DREADFUL experience. Two hours   line up for the Radiator Springs racers. Over an hour for the Buzz Lightyear ride in California Adventure. And on and on and on and on the line list went. Not at all suited to small children who have zero waiting tolerance let alone when they are tired.Would I take our family back again? Afraid not. That was my fourth visit to Disneyland in California and I fear it will be my last. Which is a REAL shame.This was probably the biggest disappointment of our trip. The place was so crowded you couldn't even walk. We have been to Disney World three or four times and never had crowds and waits like this. We were there for 14 hours and were only able to ride six rides and see one show. The whole fast pass idea is a flop. The radiator springs fast passes were gone before 11 am. I think it's time Disney made some changes. We would have gladly paid the extra $400 for a real fast pass like Six Flags offers. I will say that the Christmas decor was magnificent. Could not see the parades due to the crowds. Even the line to the Haunted Mansion was bad. Too crowded and too expensive for what little we got to do. Won't return.I was disappointed. It started from the time we walked in. I want to start off by saying I love Disney, I have been many many times. This place does not carry the same value system as Disney in FL. I saw so many members of the Disney family, looking like it was there last day on earth. SAD. It was depressing. Time and time again I saw the workers look unhappy. The streets are small. We had someone with a wheel chair and it was almost impossible to get though. Disney does not have any lockers on the outside of one of the entrances. So we had to walk though to another gate, then walk out. Use a locker then wait inline again. I was not happy. The parade was awesome. So we did like that. It is magical at times. When you look at the castle when you walk in, Its nothing like the Castle in FL. Sorry Disney, i'm a fan, just not on this day.We were very disappointed in our trip to Disneyland. The overcrowding was criminal. We actually feared that our kids might be trampled upon exiting one ride. In a full day, we managed only 2 rides, so average $45 each! The lines for the 3 rides our kids most wanted to see Splash Mountain, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Space Mountain were 1 to 2 hours minimum (with 140 minutes posted for Splash Mountain when we left). Check out our photos to prove it. The wait for a cafeteria style lunch at non peak time was 45 minutes. There were not nearly enough bathrooms; we waited 20 minutes once. Even the wait to get into the parking lot was 45 minutes. The drinking fountains were the non chilled kind and many were stopped up. The only highlights were the Pirate's Lair, on an island reached by ferry so less crowded. it was described as a natural environment, meaning the same fun could be had for free at any state park playground. The Columbia ship ride and canoe adventure also were fun. The experience was so awful that we came up with a game called Pretend Silver Linings, so we could try to laugh at the fact that we'd paid $450 to get in. Like, at least with the line to get lunch so long, we have time to chat, or The experience is so bad that we can leave and go to the free Lego Imaginarium earlier. Unless you can visit on, say, a Wednesday in February, taking your kids out of school, skip it.Don't go during a busy time of year (like Christmas break). The people were packed in like sardines, the lines had over one hour waits, it was dirty, and four of the rides we waited for broke down before we got to ride them. The food was super expensive and wasn't all that tasty.I didn't see one character except while watching the parade.1st time in Disneyland on 20 Dec and it shall be my last! To be fair, the rides are fun, the place is beautiful. BUT it is way too CROWDED! If u don't mind waiting over an hour for a 2 min ride, then please ignore my review. There were so many people that it's impossible to feel any Disney magic at all. Wanted to see the fireworks or the World of Colors at California Adventure Park, but at the thought of the ocean of people thronging there, we gave up. My kids were so relieved when we finally left the park. Conclusion: Too expensive, too crowded, too long waits. Go at your own risk!I first went to Disneyland when I was 10   it cost $6 to get in   and I never had enough  E  Tickets. I've visited several dozen times. I went back this week   it was $87 or $125 including California Adventure and I ran out of feet. $15 for Parking. Granted, I was there on a holiday weekend, and you really don't want to go when the place is full   Summer and Holidays. Those prices are for a single day. There are discounts on 2 5 day visits. I didn't discover  Fast Pass  until it was too late to be of much help. Fast Pass avoids some lines, but increases your walking. California Adventure    World of Color  show was good   an update of the  Fantasmic  technology   but mostly movies projected onto water spray without much of a plot like  Fantasmic  has.. On Indiana Jones & Jungle Cruise   the line threads through a  Preshow  that makes the time pass quickly.  Radiator Springs  has almost nothing to distract you along the way. 2 Hour Wait for a 10 minute ride.... Food Quality and Variety has improved dramatically   but nothing much below $10 for lunch or $25 for dinner. You look at hotels, park admission, and food   a family of 4 may need financing. Speaking of financing   You can buy an annual pass at around $500   and finance it.... Never thought I'd see a need to finance an amusement park.The park was completely overcrowded, the wait time for rides was ridiculous as was the wait time for food. This was not the happiest place on earth....it was hell on earth! But I don't think my opinion matters ( or anyone elses for that matter) Disney is racking in about $100 a ticket plus parking plus everything you buy...they are definately making bank off of us! The park is clean and the weather is pleasant. The park was crowded for an off peak time. The lines for rides were not too bad, but the rides themselves are often disappointing.Sections of the park close early for the fireworks display. For some unknown reason the toon town section of the park doesn't open until an hour after the rest of the park, and toon town is one of the areas that closes early for the fireworks. Several attractions were closed for maintenance.We barely saw any character actors. We had to stand in line for 30 to 40 minutes to see a character when they were available. We were ignored by one set of character actors we found wondering in the park. We waited in line on another character actor while she went on break with no one replacing the character for more than 20 minutes. We were assured every five minutes by rude staff member that the character would be right back. I think the staff member was trying to be entertaining, but he was rude and obnoxious. We eventually gave up waiting and left. Is there a rule that only one Mickey Mouse character actor can be present in the park at a time?We all expect the food to be expensive, but there are sit down restaurants in the park that are over $30.00 a plate. We opted to skip the Blue Bayou for for simple lunch with a couple of drinks for two adults and a child. Our meal was over $50.00. The food was cold, and my daughters chicken nuggets had four pieces ($9.00).The simple plastic mickey mouse ears are about $16.00 and additional charges to put a name on them. I have better things to do with my money and time. I will not be visiting a Disney attraction again.I would not recommend this experience unless you have a lot of time, money and patience. In my opinion Disney is no longer out to please the customer.Lines were too long and had trouble finding something to do other than just walk around and look at stuff. Crowds were infuriating and so bad that you literally could not stop moving. Not a place I would take our younger kids and infant to. DL needs to find a solution for strollers. Thought about going a second day once we scoped out rides we wanted to do (Haunted House, Pirates) but after talking to people about how the Fast Passes worked and how quickly they went we decided we were done with Disney Land.Please understand this is coming from someone who lived half way between Knott's Berry Farm and Disneyland. I went to Disneyland the day it opened July 15 1955. I've watched grow, live and die. It was called DISNEYland for a reason. It was the dream of Walt Disney, repleat with HIS characters. There was no lilo and stitch, no beauty and the beast. It has become a joke and a not very funny one at that. Stupid comes to mind when I think of all the characters the idiots have come up with to pass off as disney character, And now star wars, that needs to be part of a new theme park, Lucasland, NOT Disneyland. Sorry Walt, they didn't know what they were doing when they crushed your dream.Went over the Columbus Day weekend so it was a lot more crowded than expected. I am a Disney fanatic but this time was awful. Lines were so long and by the time we arrived, most of the Fast Passes were already gone for the day (many rides that used to have them no longer do). Plus the additional thing that has made going to the Magic Kingdom not so magic anymore is the overabundance of mobility carts. I'm all for access but why does it also provide priority over the hundreds standing in line? Entire families of 10 accompany the mobility challenged person into the special access lines. If an able bodied guest arrives and is subjected to a 45 minute wait, why aren't the cart riders? It gets worse and worse every time I go. Last time I went to California Adventure and the Soaring ride it took a few minutes to even exit the ride because of so many scooters parked in the way.My one very positive comment about my experience this time concerns the quality of food. I think the food has definitely taken a healthier turn and the quality has improved as well. Stands now sell fresh fruit, juices and water. You can still find the bad stuff, but it's a lot easier to eat well.I normally visit off season, and now I remember why: The fact that we paid $50 each for  Twilight  tickets and only got to 8 rides, was a joke, especially since two of the rides were only to get us across the park and avoid the jam of people sitting around waiting for the parades & fireworks shows.Too many rude people..... Does No one say  Excuse Me  when they cut in front of you any longer. You Stop in the middle of a crowded walk way to talk on your phone?Too long of a wait for the rides 90 minutes for Space Mountain? Rather than giving out all the Fast Passes at one time, instead why not portion them out, a set number per hour? Expensive food does not equate quality. Too many unhappy children. Why do people bring children under 4 years old and force them to stay after 7:00 8:00 p.m.? Why take a small child in to the Haunted Mansion and scare the bejeezus out of the child? If I go again, it will be on a weekday and off season......The happiest place on earth was not as happy as anticipated, there was poor traffic control, the website needs to be updated as there were several inaccuracies which did put a downer on our trip and while the employees were all pleasant they weren't always particularly helpful and did not enforce the rules at allDon't know what promos or such Disney has going, but this year has been off the charts busy, even on days its not supposed to be.We are... were as of tomorrow 5 year annual pass holders who travel... traveled at least 2054 round trip 5 or more times a year to visit Disneyland. Yes, you could say we were dedicated and probably a few other descriptive words... So it would take quite a bit to convince this duo and often double duo to say,  Ya, I don't think I want to do that again...  We have easily spent close to 100k there in the last 5 years... And although I'm not experienced, make no claim to be experienced, and don't currently have any Disneyland stock, I would be selling it now if I did.Oh, this last trip... where to even begin... First off Cars Land is good. Not great. Not comparable to Indiana Jones, but it is not 8 hours of wait time good with 2 successful rides during off season. It can't carry Disneyland like they think it can. People aren't getting off this ride like,  Wow! Amazing!  which you hear and see on so many other rides... Although we pretty much expected this.What we didn't expect was the other changes... Almost all the rides went down several times over the 6 days we were there. We'd stand in line, the be sent away. Go stand in another line and be sent away... People just weren't walking around with that same  Yeah, I'm in Disneyland!  look either. I could see the same opinion on most of the crowds face... It saddened me.And the food... It's not the same. I don't just mean the menus because they've changed since June, but the quality. We were ready to order Domino's to our room by day 5... The personnel... Not all the Cast Members by no means! But not just one bad apple either... Clearly there's some problems there in Anaheim and it's showing in how the employees are handling their jobs. Not to mention our new little Cast Member featured in the picture attached... It's a coach roach for those of you like myself are seeing one for the first time, just out side of Thunder Mountain...Somethings got to give. I believe (AGAIN NOT AN EXPERT!!) that Disneyland can ride out this one bad year, but I'm afraid if they don't get it figured out they'll not have the same needed numbers of returning visitors and Southern CA just can't support this park on their own. I really hope they pull this one out. I don't think it's Walt's vision...Respectfully, Once one of Disneyland Biggest Fans...If you go to Disneyland you need to do your homework   we didn't. We figured the (expensive) tickets were all we needed  but didn't know anything about how the Fast Pass system works, how the Magic Morning only applies to Disneyland (not Adventureland) and most parts of Disney are roped off. You can also get in early to start the 'fast pass' process   but we didn't know anything about that. And the Fast Pass machines are not that easy to find. The best viewing spots for the night time show at Adventureland (World of Colour) are also roped off unless you have  fast passed  a reserved spot, and rides close early when the show is 30 min away. The lines are long, people seem to be grumpy (I actually had another parent confront me in line to tell me I had 'cut in' even though I was patiently waiting there with my 4 year old for over 10 minutes and was behind the same people the whole time).It's almost like you need 'insider info' before you go   we didn't have it and found the whole thing overwhelming, stressful and disappointing. We did a 3 day pass   should have done 1 day and spent the rest of the time relaxing at the hotel pool where the kids had more fun.People in wheelchairs and people using canes had to wait in long lines. So we didn't get to do a lot at the park.Boy, before you purchase Disneyland Passes rethink your decision. The place is overcrowded, overpriced with long line ups for everyone. The Fast Passes do assist a little with the older rides but it's true the new ride  Cars  fast passes were sold out and to stand in line was over 2 hrs!!! I felt sorry for the people and kids in that long line up...waiting...to go on that ride. The food in the restaurants is awful as they are in a hurry to get you in and out due to the volume of people. The bathrooms (when you can find them) are old on the Disneyland side, and for the million plus people that go thru the park the one ladies bathroom, I did find, had one change table, which I thought was sad considering it's suppose to be a park for families. Another disappointment was not seeing Mickey until late in the evening and than...oh guess what...another LINE UP...to have a picture taken with him...Pluto was actually turning away from the kids, etc., as people were trying to get his attention for a picture. It's a BIG park, I'm sure having additional Mickey's etc. walking around the park won't matter to people, as long as could get a picture!?! Anyway...for the amount of $$$ you pay, don't bother...it really does suck...considering it's suppose to be a fun place. We won't return again...considering I didn't even take my son.So I pay $800 for the pleasure of taking a family of 4 to the 2 Disney parks, to spend many many hours lined up for rides that last on average 5 minutes. Attention to detail and quality of rides is good, however, park owners please stop being greedy   the park guests numbers allowed on any given day need to be reduced. Shame Disney shame.I took my 9 year old niece to Disneyland on a Thursday at about 9 am. We got through the first hour easily, and accessed rides and attractions with little wait time. As the time progressed we found that each ride took nearly an hour wait. Although Disneyland has instituted  Fast Pass  which helps, you still have to get to the ride to get a reservation time and then you have to get back there for your reservation. Walking the park takes a lot of time, it is a big place and there are tons of people to navigate through. I personally think they let too many people in the park at one time.The nice thing, they let you bring in food and drink so you don't have to stop and wait in line for food and drinks.I feel ripped off, even my niece got tired of all the waiting and wanted to go home after half a day.Lines too long   its old and boring. Food and drink are too expensive... ur already paying $100 a day to get in.First of all, I've been a big fan of Disneyland, having visited the park many times since my father first took me in 1957. But I took my family of four last week (6 28 & 6 29) and it was NOT  the happiest place on earth  by any stretch of the imagination, with numerous ride closures and interruptions. The first indication of things to come was a distorted speaker in the Indiana Jones car that kept cutting in and out, and made that bumpy ride seem unpleasantly jarring. Then it was a Haunted Mansion closure, a Matterhorn closure, a Space Mountain closure, then Splash Mountain too, if I recall. It was one disappointment after another! We finally got a chance to go in the Haunted Mansion, but there were still technical glitches on that ride that caused it to stop along the way. The next day, we arrived at CA Adventure early enough to get our Fast Pass for the new Cars ride. We returned twice during the day, and both times the ride was down! Then, at the end of our stay, Symphony Swings closed after the first light show, contrary to what we were told by the attendant on duty. An appropriate ending for a not so happy couple of days that cost us over $1000 at the parks alone. We ended up doing a lot more walking and waiting than riding, that's for sure. With ticket prices as high as they are, I can't afford to get stung like this again. My girls can return when they're older and able to drive themselves, but I've seen enough to not need to visit again.For anyone else who is dissatisfied with their Disneyland experience I can offer this advice, (given to me by their Guest Communications dept.):  If you encounter any inconveniences or disappointments, please feel free to inform a Cast Member that you would like to speak with a manager. You are also invited to visit City Hall in DISNEYLAND   Park or the Guest Relations Lobby in DISNEY CALIFORNIA ADVENTURE   Park to register your comments. in one word   disappointing. from all the movies i had seen and all the amazing fairytales i had read, i used to imagine that all my kiddie fantasies will come to life here. but the place is boring. and worse, the food options, though plenty, don't offer much in terms of variety or taste. the place is super expensive, and the rides are repetitive. take one, and it's the same as having taken a dozen others. only the disney characters change. the souveniours are over priced. now, i know they are always over priced. and i have travelled quite a few places. but this place simply aced all. and why they have split the park in 2 is beyond me. the only logic i find is that it gives them the opportunity of charging people twice for the same kind of rides. if you still want to visit this place, and want to save on some money, please buy tickets only to the  adventures  park (i think that's what it is called. it is the one with a couple of additional rides like  screaming california )Great idea   i.e. Turkey legs. One leg is enough for 3 and fairly inexpensive. However, a bit too saltyparking garage has a long and complicated walk to the bus stop. Stay at a close hotel and just walk to the park. It will be faster and easier.Two large rides broke down: space mountain and matterhorn.The park was way too crowded. Too difficult to move about the park. Fastpass rides had long waits to redeem the pass and then you still waited in the fastpass line. After the morning, the non fastpass rides are forever long and their estimated wait times were always wrong. However, if they provided a realistic wait time then everyone would probably demand a refund. I was there on a sunday, so maybe avoid the weekends.Yes, Disneyland has a magic all its own which requires no introduction. Attractions such as Space Mountain, Star Tours 3D and Thunder Mountain are all as memorable as they are breathtaking, however, all time between these attractions was spent being jostled about and almost being bowled over by aggressive mothers pushing impossibly large strollers. Seriously, what is an infant going to remember or appreciate about a visit to Disneyland? Make sure you visit the main attractions listed above, make time for the Dumbo ride, as well as the Mad tea party (our personal favourite; quirky and with slightly malicious musical effects) and get out as quickly as you can. If you intend on staying for the fireworks display, be prepared to be seated and hemmed in well before 2130, otherwise you will spend the rest of the time being marshalled about in smiling but unyielding style by the grinning staff in a never ending gymkhana to nowhere.I have been to Disney World and on paper, it makes Disneyland look like a joke. I went in having positive thoughts, but just did not have a great experience all around. The rides (comparing to Disney World) are actually a lot shorter (with the exception of Pirates of the Caribbean). There really isn't a hole lot to do in these parks. Due to wait times, we pretty much spent the entire day at Disneyland till the park closed. The prices on food are very pricey and the quality in my opinion is very poor. I didn't care to much for the staff at here. In Orlando, everyone has such a different attitude. I came across a couple rude employees and unhelpful ones as well. Not mention that throughout the day, certain rides were going down and not functioning. That is by far the last thing that I would expect from Disney. All in all, if you can go to Florida, by all means.... go to Florida and do not waste your time here.Greed seems to have taken over   I spent the HIGH price of admission to stand in line. The entire day I got on ONE ride. It is a must see for every child however parents, be prepared to stand and wait. If you have a week to spare, then it's the place to goYes its Disneyland so that's awsome, but the crowds since we were here 3 years ago are over the top. Unless you have smaller kids that really need to see Disneyland first hand, trust me, you will have a far better time, and experience many more thrills in the day at other parks.In addition, foods prices have increased signicantly and the LA Times have just reported that ticket prices will be increasing again, why? apparently because they have figure people will pay the price in any case!Grad days got us too.Wait times were horrendous , waiting 45 minutes for a 3 minute ride.But it was the staff were indifferent and quite rude , waiting in the mid of a walk way (by a show) so my people could see me and was asked to move on three times. Then letting other people push in in lines etc , had enough by lunchtime .... some of the rides have been updated brilliantly   peter pans flight was wonderful , still similar but sparklerer .Also disapointed about no fireworks during windy nights. Both parks shows are really badly run , should have an ampetheatre, i wouldnt do it again , and that theres even a queue to meet the characters , and if you stop them for a pic they were quite rude. (mary poppins even)The day would have been wonderful except that we lost our backpack with car keys, ID, & credit cards on the Indiana Jones ride. I was sent away 3 times and waited 6 hours to get it back. It was only returned because my 7 yr old was crying in front of everyone that they would not let us leave. So much for happiest place on earth. I was 2 hours late for the meds I had in the same bag. They were going to make me wait until the park closed to get it (12 midnight). They did take pitty on us at dinner time and gave us a voucher to Pizza Port so I could feed my daughter something. But only because I pointed out I had no money. When they finally stopped the ride to get my backpack, turns out there was a whole lot of belongings on the track, like a another womens purse! I felt bad that I was inconviencing people waiting in line, but really. I waited patiently 6 hours. They need to have a better plan. I think our annual trip will be to Magic Mountain from here on out.We booked a stay at DL 3 years ago and while it was a wonderful experience, the amount of e mail spam we receive is totally out of control. They take your email address and immediately spread it around to dozens of their businesses... vacations, movie clubs, merchandising, etc., and even if you unsubscribe from one it doesn't remove you from all the others. So you never know when a new Disney solicitation is going to invade your in box. It's terrible that after 3 years I have opted out of more than a dozen different Disney solicitations (itball began with one single vacation reservation) and yet this spam is still showing up. Today I got one from Disney Digital Books. I opted out of this one too, but who knows which new Disney business the next spam will come from. Really frustrating.I was really hoping to see an amusement based on the Country Bears.  Other than that it was an OK place.  Space Mountain was definitely a favorite.I was excited to go to disney or so i thought till i got there and was sorely disappointed for all the hype they have on tv it was to much for what was there even though you got free rides and had to pay for eating which was outragoues also. my 4 year old grandson was to old for the rides for 0 3 no fun and was not old enough or tall enoough for the other rides so got to do very little and so disappointed i waited with him while the others had fun on rides they need to change that. I would not go agian even though i did not pay this time i would not pay to go agian very disapointed in the overall of disney would go to san diego sea world and zoo then disney landWay too busy!  This park needs to improve on crowd control.  The lines were way too long.I grewup near Disneyland. I had annual passes in the 80's. It used to be a magical place. The grounds were beautiful and enchanting. The workers wee courteous and kind. The grounds are still amazing, but the service is terrible. I saw some kids asking a ride attendant a question, he just rolled his eyes. No smiles, or at least very few. Sad and disappointed for my youngest child.I have been made to go there hosting family from out of town. Even when my son was young enough to be in the zone at DL he really hated it. The measure of unrivaled commercialism is rather appalling, long lines spoil the fun that could be had especially on hot days. Scarcity of good food. etc. no flavor to half the food you can get better food cheaper outside the gatesDisneyland is the miniature golf version of Disney World.  Not much for tweens, The majority of the attractions were for families with kids under 5.I have gone to Disneyland since I was little, however, today, their prices make it hard to enjoy anymore. Every year their prices go up. The price of food there is outrageous, even bottled water is a premium. There are long lines for the rides, (standing in a ride line waiting over 1 hour is not my idea of having fun   not to mention the line jummpers getting away with sneaking in line and laughing about it). If you go for the day, this does not leave you much time to ride very many rides. (if the ride you would like to go on is even working). The cost to get an annual passport for the year there is around $1,080.00 for a family of four. The regular adult entry price is $119.00 for a 1 day park hopper and it is the same price for children 3 9. I don't know how families can afford to go there anymore. They have taken the fun out of the park with their high prices. And lastly, you dont want to go there unless you likes crowds...it is way too crowded. Maybe Disneyland should start a quota system so that the crowds would be more managable.You need to go! Go at the right time. When the crowds are light and the sun is bright! We love it here but cannot stand the gouging when it comes to park passes and then the food inside the park! Pls make it happier and give us all a break during these diffidult times. The other thing that gets me is the locals price is so much lower for annual passes than the visitors price. Give us a break!There was a convention in town. We should have checked first because the parks were shoulder to shoulder crowded. In all the years we gone to the Disney parks this was a first (waited in line 21 2 hrs for a ride)!You had to park far from the park, take an escalator down, then take a tram quite a way to the actual park, long lines, then if someone had a special higher priced ticket they could go into a special line ahead of you...it was frustrating and I have decided never to go back...food booths are very expensive.There were too many children there that were not enjoying themselves due to the long lines and heat. Even if there was no heat, the lines were a big turn off.After Disneyworld, Disneyland was a little disappointing with regards to its offerings. Doesn't seem to be as many interesting offerings for adults.Spent entire day in line, despite making considerable efforts to plan to avoid them. They are just part of a day there it seemsOvercrowded. people take cuts in long lines and seem to be plain rude. Moms with strollers are dangerous.Let me start by saying that I don't really like crowds and I'm not into thrill rides, although I'll ride them if someone else wants to go. Our family (12, 10, 8 year old kids) just returned home last night after spending four days between the two parks.What I love about Disneyland is that the park is clean and the staff are professional and very helpful. The creativity and attention to detail on ALL the attractions is quite remarkable and enjoyable. All the rides (once you finally made it on) were enjoyable, but I also enjoyed the evening parade and Moments with Abe. The Matterhorn was closed for refurbishment.The biggest thing I'll remember though is the crowds. Many workers mentioned that it was a  spring break  volume of people attending the park. I'm not an impatient person, I just don't find anythere worth standing in line 30 45 minutes to  enjoy . There were long, long lines everywhere and it just wears you out. In fact, it was quite miserable. It was very stressful that each day and each attraction had to be carefully planned, because you can't just walk up and expect to get in without a long wait. Unless you picked up your FastPass first thing in the morning, it would be 5 hours   on the return time.Oh, but what about the  Magic early morning  pass to get in an hour early? Well, evidently 30,000 others had the same idea. the only part of the park they opened were Tommorowland & the area behind Sleeping Beauty Castle. There were no Fastpasses until the park opened for everyone. It was an absolute sham. Our family spent our  magic  morning waiting in line for 35 minutes to ride Peter Pan, because it was one of the shortest lines and something we hadn't done yet.Overall, I'm so disappointed. I'm sure if we went during an off week (thought we picked a safe week), it would have been more enjoyable. However, now that I've been there, there is nothing there that I find worth going back to see even if the trip was paid for. It's just not worth the time and hassle for me personally. If you take your family, be ABSOLUTELY sure that every school is in session the week that you go. Unfortunately for us, it was a bad first experience and probably the last.We just returned from our third trip to Disney   which is likely to be our last. We went away very disappointed   Disney has really gone downhill over the past 10 years. The crowds are getting ridiculous and they need to figure out a way to scale down the number of people they are letting in to the park   these people shell out a lot of money to be there   only to get in to find out rides aren't running, wait times are over an hour for the ones that are, meals and drinks are highway robbery, etc   it's just stupid already and I'd say far from being the happiest place on earth. It's a sweaty, stomping, mosh pit. Standing in lineups is the name of the game these days. Figure out the cost per ride and it's just so not worth it anymore! They have people directing foot traffic, yelling at guests where to walk for no reason (I'd understand if there was something special going on in that area but there generally never was)   we felt like herded cattle. We actually joked that the next time we come they'll be using cattle prods to direct people   it's gotten that bad.One thing I'd like to know is why a place designed for families, why are the bathrooms so well hidden? We spent one day at Universal and one day at Knott's Berry Farm and we had a MILLION times more fun because we actually felt like we got some value for our money   both of which are WAY cheaper than Disney. We saw tons of other characters at these parks (Dora the Explorer, Shrek, Woody Woodpecker, Charlie Brown, Snoopy   the list goes on and on), rode tons of rides (some we rode multiple times), watched lots of shows, etc etc. Most of all we enjoyed our days there! Of the three days we spent at Disney, we didn't really enjoy one of them. Seems like Disney has become far more fixated on profit than anything these days. Shame.Too many people; too many long lines; too expensive.The wait attending the attractions really ruins the experience for me. I have not been for many years because of this, and I hope they have improved it. It is also a very costly proposition for a family, admission, parking, food, no freebies to be found. They never cut the customers any slack. Nearby Knotts have a special for Veterans in November, but service for the country does not count at the Magic Kingdom.We took an 8 hour drive down from Northern California, and stayed at a nice hotel across the way from Disney. We traveled in Early February, and were horrifiyingly shocked at the super long lines, through out both parks. We went on a Thursday Friday Saturday. Thursday and Friday were packed, but Saturday was an un godly ZOO. The lines were ridiculously LONG on all 3 days. We live near  Marine World  in Northern CA, and have never waited more than 5 minutes for any ride  EVER. Waiting 30 45 50 minutes for each ride is simply exhausting. $3.75 for a small bottle of water, and $15.00 to rent a single stroller? We thought that arriving in the off season would save us the crowds and terror. WRONG!I consulted with a park attendant who divulged that between the 2 parks, they will let in nearly 100,000 people in a (single) day!! My Husband and I both took a stroller, and spent 3 long days navigating through the  Sea of Humanity  as my Husband put it. We finally realized that in order to get the best experience you have to shell out the DOUGH. We spent $135.00 on a  lunch  at  Ariels Grotto . You have to pay a flat rate fee. It was really fun for our daughter to get personal attention from each Princess, but the childrens meals were terrible. They put dry  fishy  crackers on top of our daughters cheese shells. She did not eat a single bite. I finally gave up trying to get either child to eat any of their lunch and asked the server to bring out the desert tray. The kids gobbled down the grapes and cookies  which is the only they could stomach in the place. Also we were told that ANYONE would be happy to take a photo of us. When the  photo guy  came to deliver us a hyper inflated $29 photo of our daughter with Ariel, he ROLLED HIS EYES when we asked him to take a photo of us. REALLY!?! On Saturday it got very cold outside and we had to shell out $60 for 2 sub quality hoodies for our kids. *Note  anything in the park is going to be 4 times the usual retail price in a normal store.Bring as much food, water, and layers of clothes into the park as possible. Actually my advice would be to NOT go at all. Go to a smaller park, and you will enjoy yourselves much more!Horrible expersive food!!! They have cheaped out ever since Mike Eisner took over and even now. They take kiddie rides, dress them up and tell you,  look at our new cool ride , when all they have done is put lipstick on a pig. The Orlando parks are WAY NICER. Don't waste your time in Anaheim!!! or Anaslime as the locals call it.I grew up watching Disney but things have changed much since Walt Disney died. It has become a marketing scheme. The park lacked real creativity that it use to have and billions of Disney items were for sell everywhere. Castle was tiny compared to Disney World's. Lines were always nightmares, the kids did not seem overly thrilled after much money spent. Much money for what...This is not the happiest place on earth, it's the most CROWDED place on earth. The lineups are not worth it. We waited an hour just to get a Dole whip. Ridiculous!does not compare to disney, over priced. Not worth the money. this economy does not justify going.Went to Disneyland with my wife and 2 teenage daughters and what a let down. Crowds everywhere. Rude people everywhere. Worst place on earth. We were shocked coz we came to Disneyland right after Six Flags Magic Mountain which was a whole lot more fun and the whole atmosphere there was a whole lot more pleasant and happier.First time I went there, it was just okay. 2nd time was boring! Prices are outrageous, and lines are way long. And don't you dare tell the photographers you don't want your picture taken! They'll yell at you for not doing it. Staff wasn't very friendly, and only a few rides were actually fun. I would much rather go to either Knotts Berry Farm or Walt Disney World. Not sure what it is, but Disneyland is not worth it.I can not agree more with whoever just posted  Walt would roll over in his grave  That is exactly what I was uttering (along with some other very choice words) the entire day.... this has become a huge profit making corporation, and the average American family probably could not afford it, and to add insult to injury I am sure there are parents out there who feel they are doing their children a injustice by denying their kids of this highway robbery. Rest assured, your kids are denied NOTHING here    save your money (and sanity)Granted, we did visit over Christmas vacation, and I expected crowds and very long waits, but two and a half hours??? To get motion sick on the Star Wars ride?!?What really broke my heart was right off the bat, we stopped at one of the restraunts that offered a breakfast buffet with Minnie and Friends. I certainly did not expect a bargain, but I noticed the cash register tally over $90.00 after I stupidly handed over a credit card without questioning the prices first. That is for brunch for two adults and two kids ages 11 and 13. That did however include getting your meal interupted by Minnie, Goofey,, and Tigger attacking and harrassing you while you are trying to eat. My point is how many parents could afford this meal after shelling out $420.00 for ONE day passes and why are the prices not posted if they insist on this corruption at least? The only thing magical about this place is how fast you can max out a couple credit cards.The higlight of our ten day trip driving through the beautiful American West for our kids was seeing the Pacific Ocean and playing on the beach, Disneyland was the only disapointment of the entire trip. The best things in life are truly still free.Not worth it even with the fastpass. I was a little dissapointed. Disney always does amazing things but this show is anything but. Unless you like watching clips of cartoons on water with a little fire here and there. You would think they would try to one up Fantasmic. I will never waste my time again.One hour in line to each attraction. People say you cannot make the park in one day, but now i understand due to all the people. There are 4 5 attractions that you really want to do (me wife 14 year old son). Take the Park Hopper ticket and go over the street to California Adventure, they have also 5 6 rides you enjoy. Cannot recomend going here due to all people, sorry to say. We where here for 12 hours and could do 9 rides total.I  want   to say that I love Disneyland. That it was the best place to go. That my kids loved it. We saw everything. Got on the rides and truly enjoyed ourselves. But I cannot say any of that.We went 5 years ago when our kids were babies 1 and 3. We waited almost 5 years and were told that we have to go during Christmas.  You have to see the fireworks and snow!  Well....$1,400.00 later with alot of planning and budgeting....the fireworks were cancelled. So was the snow. If you can actually get to an employee...they told us very different stories about why. We still do not know why. We were so dissapointed. Sadly, I believe our days are up: ( It was INSANE! Some people said on here to get there early, get Fastpasses, get in line early, have a  plan! . I Sooooo hear you. We did this ONLY because we booked it already and paid, and then were told last minute that we were in for pure chaos and crowds. I tell you, we did lots of rides, did the Fast passes, got there early, but our kids hated it! So did we! I never plan to have to  plan  my vacation like that again. I only did it because of the money we spent, but it was crazy, long lines, crazy people, you couldn't see anything....just exhausting and tiring : (We could not wait to get back to our hotel and THAT is sad. We were there to see Disneyland and ALL we wanted to do was get the heck out of there!!The capacity at Disneyland is set at a ridiculously high 55,000 people.  Will never go during Christmas time again.The Magic Kingdom is losing its magic. Paying $5.00 for a bottle of water in 1993 was prohibitively expensive way back then. Who knows what they charge now. Tomorrowland used to be bright white and blue with spinning rocket rides and GoodYear people movers. Now it's metallic copper and teal. The Submarine Adventure has improved with Finding Nemo but gone are the glory days of a more lively Tomorrowland with Captain E O or the GE Carousel of Progress. There's a new ride in the former America The Beautiful theater that you ride a cart and shoot a gun but Disney's Imagineers are falling way short using fancy LED targets.At least Knotts Berry Farm provides sack lunches for kids. Eating at Disneyland is also prohibitively expensive. My favorite restaurant is the Blue Bayou which is inside the Pirates of the Carribean. If you decide to split an entree, with another person they'll charge an additional 50% to your tab.My family and I visited Disneyland on November 27th, 2011, which was also my youngest daughter's 21st birthday. My son flew in from Germany, where he is serving in the Army, to spend the day with his sister, which was great! Surprisingly, the crowds weren't too bad for a Sunday after Thanksgiving, and the park looked beautiful all dressed up in Christmas Season Gala. However, the big problem was how consistent rides broke down while we rode them. This has never been an issue at Disneyland, as it had been at other parks visited, but on this visit, Indiana Jones ride broke down for 15 minutes while on the ride (the lights turned on so you could see the interior of the building... How disappointing!). Then, the Haunted Mansion broke down for about 5 minutes, followed by Tower of Terror (this time because someone let their feet fly high off the ground, only to be kicked off the ride), then Peter Pan... Anyway, it wasn't the typical Disneyland visit, and quite frankly, perhaps it is showing its age.In fairness I realize California is a lot more crowded than it was in the 1980's, the last time I visited Disneyland. I know that measures had to be put in place to allow a more even flow of visitors but the parking and shuttle service THEN the standing in queue in less, of course, you bought some special pass to allow you to jump queue or you have enough money to afford the Disney hotels and you can elbow your way to the front you are in for a REALLY long day. When we finally arrived into the park with my son, 19, my daughter, 36 and her three children, 11,7 and 4 I thought,  well, it's the same old Main Street anyway . But, alas it is not. It's all been streamlined to get as many people through the little shops as possible. The children didn't mind so I thought I would not be cranky about it but continue on to the rides. The Matterhorn, a favourite from my first experience, was closed. As was The Pirates of the Caribbean, an attraction I'd been talking about the entire trip to my pirate loving grandchildren, much to their unhappiness. And the Haunted House. In fairness all the good ones with the possible exception of Space Mountain whose queue was clocked at 2.5 hours! Even the food which I remember as being good was slow serviced and cold. It was all in all and disappointing day and one that any other park would have apologized for due to all the rides that weren't functioning but not the original Disneyland. No longer the happiest place on earth for this family anyway.If you exclude the people and the high cost, it'd be great!?! haha. but I knew what I was in for when I agreed to take the family here. We did 4 things on this trip: Disneyland, Knotts Berry Farm, Griffith Observatory & Cirque du Soleil Iris. Best things in order were: Cirque, Griffith, Knotts, with Disney last.Hi everyone,I am allergic to wheat, and when I went to the Blue Bayou for dinner the chef came out and I ordered what was supposed to be gluten free food. After dinner, I was so sick I had to stay in there clinic for many hours only to go home. Be careful of the food. It was extra sad because my boyfriend proposed that day, but we were not able to stay and celebrate because I was so sick. :(Unless you have young children don't bother. Nowhere near as good as Florida. Over priced and utterly disappointing.Disappointed and frustrated by our first visit to Disneyland in 30 years. Long lines, closed attractions (Small World, Pirates, others), overpriced entrance fee, overly expensive restaurants ($17 for a sandwich with side serving of grapes!). We stood in line for 30 minutes just for ice cream. When the wait for one attraction was one hour, we passed, went to use our  fast pass  on another attraction but it had broken down. Between the two attractions we TRIED to get on and waiting for ice cream we virtually accomplished nothing in two hours. We visited the park on a day when crowds were anticipated to be at the 3 level (3 out of 10, 10 being the greatest crowds). Trash cans were overflowing while Disney characters were very few and very far between. We never waited less than 20 minutes for any attraction we tried. Disney employees were not the happy folks I remember from prior visits. I'm sure glad we didn't visit on any day greater than a three! While we had times of fun, we pretty much felt ripped off and disappointed. We spent $80 each to just walk in the gates, enjoyed five attractions and left because of the long lines to do everything. Disney needs to do better.No more to say really... This is a great park for kids and teenagers, but the overwhelming popularity along with lack of substantial skip the queue options make it quite frustrating! U will be waiting for an hour on average for most rides and on most days, and because if the sheer size, the fast pass does not help much. I have been to Paris and HK Disney, and did not find this one any better than either... Having said that, the fireworks and Fantasmic show do make the price worthwhile, as you may not have seen anything like them before... $75000 for each show of fireworks as well as each show of Fantasmic that they spend really shows! Please do not go here for a day or 2, you would probably come back dejected. Having been to Disneyland 20 years ago, I was looking forward to taking my teenage boys.What a dissappointment, the park hasnt really grown (ignoring California Park for the moment), yet the crowds have grown.We there on a Sunday, to us it was packed, but to others it was  quiet .All the main attractions had 45   6o min waits, there were quese for the toilet, the popcorn, the food places.We went back on Monday and Tuesday at 8am and had 2 hours of ok time befroe the crowds hit and the quese became crazy again.Maybe our expectations were a bit high, there were a couple of good rides, (you had to work the fast pass system to get on them) and the fireworks were great but I get feeling that the park just cant cope with the number of people visiting it.The park is really overestimated, this is a result of good marketing which attracted many kids and their parents. Long queues everywhere with waiting time of more 20 30 minutes at least for each attraction. Few Disney characters not so friendly actually. Tickets are very very expensive also, if after my review you are still convinced to go, then try to buy ticket parisienne (find on Internet what they are, they are valid non only for French people), you can save 30 40%. Anyway if you like parks of such kind, I instead suggest Gardland or Mirabilandia.Just returned from Disnayland last month and thought I'd jot down a couple of things that I would have liked to know beforehand. First of all, we waited to long to take our kids, 14 and 16. They weren't impressed with anything but riding, no waiting in a 30 minute line up for a picture with Micky or Minnie. 80% of the park is aimed at much younger children. We live close to West Edmonton Mall and the kids are used to the great rides there. They only thought 3 or 4 of the rides were even worth bothering. Secondly, unless you absolutely have to......DO NOT GO THERE IN THE SUMMER! I expected a lot of people, but I had no idea what a lot of people really means. It is exhausting to continually fightcrowds and I'm talking loooong lines! Some rides had 1 1 2 hour lines! Even the fast past system doesn't work with these crowds because it takes so long to get from one ride to the next. My son and I went as soon as it opened at 8:00 am. and traveled around getting fast passes. We then picked up the girls and went back but by 3:00 pm we had only been able to hit 3 rides. All in all, Disneyland was the biggest dissapoint of our California trip!Recently took our family of 9 to San Diego and took a day trip to Disneyland. It was definitely the low light of the trip. $840 for $105 dollar one day park hopper tickets for very little enjoyment. The lines were awful! Fastpass was 4 hours later??!!! some fast pass! Got on 2 rides, spacemountain and Tower of Terror in a four hour period. Not worth it. Only enjoyment was seeing our granddaughter's excitement seeing the castle but no characters anywhere to be found. Very disappointing. Go to the San Diego Zoo.....worth every penny!I recently took a trip to Disneyland with my husband, daughter, and little grandson. My grandson was repeatedly measured by employees for rides, sometimes 3 times or more. On three different occasions he was thrown off just as we got to the boarding area after passing at the first entrance. When we complained to Guest Services we got a lot of excuses and one rude clerk sarcastically told my daughter that she was welcome to follow around maintenance while they checked the measuring devices. At one ride we were told we could do a child swap, yet when my husband's turn came one young lady (employee) started lecturing us about line jumping. We left with the overall feeling that there are a lot of burned out people working at Disneyland now.Just got back from a 4 day trip with my 9 yr. old son and my husband.(Mon Thurs.) Disneyland is a 3 hour drive from our home here in California so we hve been to Disneyland many times since our son turned 4. Each time we come we spend 2 3 days so we have plenty of time to get everything that we like done. We have been here at many different times of the year. This is the 3rd time that we have been in August. That being said, here is my opinion of Disneyland this time.I think this was the most crowded that I have seen it, even though some of the employees said that is was slower then it had been. We got a lot done with a lot of rides and shows,but we did make sure we got there early and used fastpasses. Make sure that you get your fastpasses for Star Tours EARLY, they run out by about 12:00. We got ours at 8:30 a.m. and the return time was for late afternoon. We did like how they have re done this ride. Also, make sure you line up early at California Adventure (before the park opens) to get your fastpasses for World of Color. We did this and got the Blue section (which is supposed to be the best) for the 9:00 show. This show was good but I didn't think it was as spectacular as some people do. I didn't think it was worth fighting the crowds to watch again. ( I would rather watch the fireworks at Disneyland).I have to agree with other reveiwers that there were alot of rude people and line jumpers. You would hope that Disney would catch on and do something about this.(line jumping, too bad they couldn't do something about the rude people!) We did encounter more Disney employees this time that just didn't seem to enjoy their jobs. I seemed to notice this more at California Adventures for some reason. So the reason that it wasn't as magical to me this time was because of the rude people and employees, the crowds were so big it was hard to get around and I hate how you have to show up at least an hour early to save a good seat at a show only to have the rude people show up at the last minute and give you dirty looks because you have the good seats and then try to push in front of you or at least push their kids in front of you! I also noticed this happened more on this trip then when we have been there before. As far as food was concerned, our favorite place to eat was the new Boardwalk Pizza and Pasta at California Adventure. They had a great 5 cheese ravioli and some great salads, oh and try the pomagranate lemonade  yummy! We used to like Bengal Bar B Que at Disneyland but this time the servings were even smaller then before and for the price that you pay we just felt it wasn't worth it. (the only thing I would get again was the veggie skewer because it was quite large.)We chose to go in August because they have all of their shows and fireworks every night but I'm not sure that it was worth it this time. I have always enjoyed Disneyland and we were quite excited about our trip but this time it was more disappointing than anything.I was disappointed with Disneyland. I think they let more people in than they can accommodate. We wasted hours in line for rides that broke down. At the end of our last day, our son went home crying when they closed a ride just as we got on it. I don't mind spending a few bucks on overpriced items, but I feel that Disney is taking advantage of the masses. I showed up expecting to experience the  happiest place on earth,  but I experienced the most crowded place on earth.Visited the park in mid May, supposedly before the start of summer break. The layout, ambience and reception at Anahiem was good but for a US$80 adult and $74 child ticket, I would expect to cover more of the park rather than to spend most of the time in queues. The Fastpass is a suppose to give you a designated time to come back but most of the popular rides would tell you to come back 6 8 hours later. The new attraction, Star Tours had a constant 200min waiting time and ran out of fastpasses. The Fantasmic viewing area was jammed packed by twilight and families were reporting to staff about space hoarding and reservations. The fire works was quite a spectacle but standing room only. One would have to raise your cam overhead to get a good pix or vid but then told by the back that you are blocking them. And all these on a weekday...I really can't imagine the experience over the weekend. Why can't such an established and successful organisation just limit the numbers to allow all guests to have a positive experience? That way, I would accompany friends and relatives to Disneyland for return visit. Now I dread the next one.We paid full price for one day park hopper for three people, at $105 apiece we felt it was very expensive. We tried to be efficient about the rides we wanted to go on. Space Mountain was broken when we got there at opening, got fast passes for the ride at noon, the return time was 8PM (is this ridiculous? I thought so). After returning at the appointed 8PM time, my family waited 70 minutes and the ride broke. They never got to ride it. Disney didn't offer (we didn't ask for but assumed they would) some type of  sorry for the inconvenience gift . We had to wait a minimum of 65 minutes for every ride with the execption of Soar'n which we got to very early in the day. Overall we paid a lot of money to stand and wait, and stand and wait, and stand and wait. We rode as many rides as possible and that would be 7 rides. For $105 each. Not a good value for the money. When we weren't waiting in line, we were trying to make our way through crowds of people. The park closes at midnight (at least it did the day we were there), and as I sat waiting for my family to wait the 70 minutes to NOT get to ride Space Mountain (I opt out of this ride), I watched at least a hundred hungry people get turned away from the only sit down restaurant in the Tomorrowland area which closed at 10. Why they would close so much earlier than the park was a mystery. I can say every employee we met was friendly and nice. But save your feet and your pocket book and go to a local amusement park, it will be much less expensive and you will have the opportunity to ride more rides!My husband and I went to DL with another couple. Both my husband and I have been to DW many times. We were surprised at the un Disney like atmosphere of these parks. We are not Disney experts by any means but working in the corporate world, quite familiar with the Disney way. The Disney way is absent at this park.The first thing we noticed is that the park was dirty. It is rare to see a full trashcan or any paper on the ground at DW. Not so at DL. DL had overflowing trash cans all throughout the day. The bathrooms were appalling. I understand that they are used continuously throughout the day but these weer just nasty. A number of the waiting areas for the rides had dirt ground in the walls and trim as well as paint ripped off the walls. The place is just trashed.There is a lack of characters at the park. We weren't there to see them as we had no small children but it felt like any other theme park because there wasn't any Disney characters. The cast members were not friendly or helpful. The park lacks maps and signs so we had to ask directions a few times and no one was friendly or helpful. In addition, the cast members were readily visible eating lunch, ordering lunch and arriving to and from work. The lines to get on anything were ridiculous. It seems as if the park needs to cap admission at some point. Three hour waits? No thank you. The Fast Pass is a joke. You can only get one every two hours. We arrived shortly after 9 AM and the Fast Passes for the  good  rides were already in the early evening. Also, on the Grizzly River Run, we had to wait in line and then had to wait in line while on the ride three times. WTF??? They were filling too many boats and it caused a backlog that resulted in a poor ride experience.Honestly, there is nothing special about this park. It feels like any other generic theme park except the rides are really tame. It's like Six Flags with Disney merchandise.My husband and I went to Disneyland and Adventure Park to celebrate his college graduation. we are from Indiana, so we flew out to California and visited other places as well, such as Universal Studios and Seaworld  both of which we had a great time. We saved Disneyland for last because we were both excited for it, but boy, were we disappointed! We went to Disneyland on a Monday and it was completely packed. As we entered the park, we saw that the Matterhorn was down for the season. We were disappointed, but we entered the park and headed for Space Mountain. After waiting in line about 20 minutes, the ride shut down and they didn't know how long it was going to take to fix. We decided to move on to the Indiana Jones ride. We walked over there, and found out that it was broken down as well. We had wasted an hour by this point and were becoming frustrated, so we decided to eat at Pizza Port over by Space Mountain. The prices were outrageous! We paid $4 for two breadsticks, and over $7 for one slice of pizza! But the most frustrating thing was that the food wasn't even good. When we go to other amusement parks, such as Kings Island, the food is expensive, but at least it's good. By midafternoon we found some rides that weren't broken down. For dinner we ate at The Golden Horseshoe, and we were once again disappointed by the price and the taste. It was $26 for two small meals and one drink. Wednesday we went to Adventure Park. We went straight over to the big roller coaster, California Screamin', but, it too was broken down. We rode a few other rides and we surprised how small the lines were there. For lunch, I was wanting a pretzel, so we found a pretzel place on the map and headed towards it. When we got over there, it was behind the construction wall, and there wasn't a way to get over to it. We decided to do pizza instead so we found it on the map, went over to it, and once again it was behind the wall. It should not have been on the map if you cannot get over to it. Frustrated and starving by this point, we walked over to the other side of the park to a cafe. I got a sandwich and my husband got a bowl of clam chowder and a cookie, and we split a drink. $28 was our total and again, the food wasn't good, nor was the service. We waited about 40 minutes in line while there was about 12 workers there, 8 of which we standing around not doing anything. They were moving very slow. My bread was hard and it was stale. Not to mention there was not place for us to sit. They had about four restaurants altogether beside each other, and not enough place for everyone to sit and eat. We had to stand there with our tray and wait for someone to get done eating. After we ate, we watched Aladdin, which was probably our favorite thing the whole day. We went to a few gift shops, and we had about $50 worth of souvenirs in our hands. We got behind a couple in line and waited while she checked them out. We waited there about 10 minutes before the cashier told us that there wasn't a separate line for her register and we would have to wait in another line. She was very rude. She let us stand there the whole time while we checked the other people out. We were angry, and left the souvenirs and the park at 4 p.m, way before closing time.  Between Disneyland and Adventure Park we were frustrated with the rides constantly breaking down, expensive but not tasty food, the slow and poor service while getting our food, and the rude cashier. I would not recommend Disneyland to anyone. We felt like both days were a waste of time and money, and we will never go back. It was nothing like I remembered from the last time I had been there. Every other place we went to in California (San Diego Zoo, Universal Studios, Seaworld) I would recommend, but not Disneyland or Adventure Park. Not only was it the most expensive place to get in to, and the most expensive food and parking, but also the most disappointing place we went during our whole vacation.We have been to DisneyWorld in Florida and Disneyland in Paris. We knew that the Anaheim park is the oldest and one of the smaller ones, but we still expected it to have Disney magic but we were disappointed. There were no parades and very few Disney characters around   one of the highlights of Disney with small children. The queues to see the characters were huge   1 and a half hours for Rapunzel and similar for the other Disney princesses (you were guaranteed to see 3 but not which 3 they would be). I guess the queues were so long because there was no opportunity to see the characters in a parade.The tickets were also the most expensive of the 3 parks we've visited. If you have small children and are thinking of travelling to California specifically to go to Disneyland, don't   go to Florida instead! We will be going back to California but we won't bother with Anaheim again.First of all, a lot of the ammeities at the hotel were closed. Then splash mountain and star wars were closed and then we waited through space mountain line and right when we were ready to get on, they closed that ride on use. They did give us a fastpass for any ride, but the rides we really wanted to go on were closed. Over all I spent about a $1,000.00 for a day at the hotel and a day at the park. I am a little disappointed!Disneyland allowed their handmade candy canes to be featured on a national program but has done nothing to meet the increase in demand. They will tell you that you have an equal chance to get these items but unless you do a magic morning or can be there at park opening on a weekday you don't stand a chance & they allow guests to get in line knowing that they have already reached the quantity to be distributed. They also will not do anything to make amends for you missing out.I have been the biggest fan of Disneyland my whole life, as it was always truly a magical experience even as an adult. I was so excited weeks before to My last trip, On November 22, 2010, It was such a let down. The park obviously has cut back on services. You never in the past would have seen garbage cans overflowing. We went to the lockers and the machines wouldn't take the money or print the receipt and we could not find an attendant. Though it was cold outside the locker room was so stuffy, no air flow. First thing in the morning the bathrooms already smelled like port a potties and the sinks only have cold water in the cold of November. Apparently Disney wont pay for warm water. The worst was Cinderellas castle. The sewer smell was so overwhelming that we couldn't stand to shop in the shop and left. Nasty horrible smell. There were kids climbing tall walls by space mountain that says law suit all over it when they fall over, again no attendants. Of course the non attentive parents could care less, I just hate to see kids hurt or Disney sued. We always get shirts and other souvenirs, yet just to try and buy something was a 45 minute wait, only two registers in the store we were in. For the big bucks spent to go to the happiest place on earth, it seems now Disney has fallen into the bottom line and no longer cares about customer service. I'm sad. And lastly, we spent lots of time on main street and I never saw one Disney character except in the parade. 45  years of magic for me erased. Very very sad. Hotel, gas, food, souvenirs, in a recession, not worth it anymore. it felt like a cattle drive. It really breaks my heart that one of the places that dreams are made of is no longer that. I do want to say something positive, The shuttle bus service is great! We never had to wait coming or going and the drivers are very nice. A Big Thumbs up for them! When you wish apon a star has always been my favorite song.All the rides are for 5 10 years old children. And I was expecting something more, I have seen so many better amusement parks. I would recommend Disneyland only for children under the age of 10. I hope we had not gone there, because it took the whole day, but I had no idea... : The prices here are unbelievable. $76 each to get into California Disney. Most of the rides have a 45 minute wait or longer. In 12 hours, we probably went on 7 rides; over $10 a ride. Probably spent over half our visit in a line. Spent about $30 on lunch for a meal that I could have picked up at any fast food joint for a third of the price.$3 for a bottle of water? Really? Not going back.  Happiest place on Earth?  Highly doubtful. Probably got one of the highest profit margins though. Walt Disney had a great idea. I doubt that corporate Dsney has the same vision.I was upset that not one person all day asked my daughter who was seven about her volunteering experience. She was wearing the button proudly, but after awhile she wanted to take it off because she said not one person asked her about it. I asked her to keep it on to show the other people that she was a volunteer. I was very disappointed in Disneyland, I expected more.Don   t waste your time or money at Disneyland. Both parks are over crowed and small compared to Disneyworld. Cinderella   s castle looks like the size of a doghouse compared to the one in Florida. Airfare, $250 and hotel costs, $100 is about the same for LA or Orlando. You may pay $50 more for a Disneyworld park hopper pass but your park options, less congestion and larger parks is well worth the trip to Orlando. Disneyland has held up well but is showing signs of its age and is not designed for today   s volume of people since it was built in 1955.Decided to surprise the kids, 2 and 4 year old, and go to Disneyland for Christmas.Wait time for average rides was 40 minutes, average wait time for popular rides was 90  minutes. You could barely move in the park. Wife and I were extremely frustrated and disappointed. On the pro side, they do make an effort to provide healthy food. Plenty of options for fresh fruits and vegetables at the park, which was a very nice surprise.Bottom line, if you are the type person that likes the Disney experience try to go during the low season, otherwise your enjoyment will be diluted.Overpriced at $72 per day for an adult and $62 for a kid, the park needs a makeover. I've been about 4 times over the past 15 years and each time the bathrooms stunk. Also the food quality is poor. The only good thing to happen in the past 2 decades is the parking garage which efficiently stacks cars and makes getting in and out a breeze. Star Tours and The Jungle cruise are representative of attractions that need to be replaced with something fresh. Best time to go is at night during the Christmas season to see the lights and decorations.This is my third lifetime visit. This was definitely the worst trip. Compared to what this place could be and what it is, it gets a 2 circles out of five and probably deserves 1.As other reviews have stated, there seems to be a problem with ride breakdowns. Out of three and a half days, the Indiana Jones ride broke down twice, the Matterhorn twice, the dumbo ride once and we talked to others that commented about other rides breaking down. The fact is, if these rides are maintained properly these things are not going to happen this often, if at all. I sense there must be budget cutbacks to maintenance staff. This is absolutely unacceptable. If you do a search you will find that one individual lost his life in 2003 on the Big Thunder roller coaster due to Disney's admitted fault in not maintaining the equipment properly. Do a search you will find more instances.This is not why I down grade Disney so much though. I down grade them because they have marketed the      out of Mickey. In my opinion, there should be more attractions and rides than stores selling the same crap all over Disney. Every where you turn they want to nickel and dime you for hats, food, more hats, shirts, clothes, etc. The rides and entertainment are secondary here to them selling you products and food.The place is hot and shade can be scarce. They need to get off their butts and install misting fans, misting nozzles and more shade throughout the park. Universal studios, although a complete rip off, does a great job with this aspectThere was no magic for me this time and I doubt that I really want to come back.The crowds of people were over whelming much of the time and this included weekday entry. The strollers get in the way. They are every where. You get tired of people running into you, cutting you off, stopping in front of you, etc. There were so many rude people that just made a home in the walkway where ever they felt like it. The fastpass machines actually closed about 6 pm one day, 6 hours before park closing timeI did not find any of the food enjoyable. The funnel cake sucked. The beef at the Mexican place in Frontier land was horrendous. The 20 cent bottles of water that they charge $3 for was bunk. The ice cream was good, but that really isn't food.Disney is relying way too much on the mouse and many outdated rides. The one star wars ride is from the early 80's and was pretty lame.I was disappointed that they actually allowed smoking in the park. The designated smoking areas are right next to the regular areas with no barriers in between. Again, I suspect this is an attempt to squeeze as many pennies as possible from all demographics.The bathrooms could definitely use some work. Everyone I used smelled bad and could have used some air flow. They were not particularly dirty just smelly. No reason for that.The good things are that the park was kept pretty clean and the young kids have a good time in Toon Town and other kid rides. It isn't magic though, it's marketing.Disneyland has become a money mongral. You get searched on your way in and are not allowed to bring in food or drinks. Then they charge you $3.00 for a Dasani water (the kind you pay a dollar for in the store. Plan on spending at least $10.00 per meal per person if you eat in the park, and losing at least an hour going to your car or out of the park each time you eat. Lines were at least an hour for the good rides so all in all you pay $75 to get in and get to ride maybe 6 rides if you utlize the fast passes.Money Money Money  and souvaniers...Please do yourself a favor and go to Wal Mart for the clothing.Basically, you are paying for the  privilage  of seeing a  must see before you die  place. I will never go there again. Also, too see the whole park, you need more than 3 days.Let me first say that I am a huge Disney fan and have been to the Land and the World many , many times. That said, my family and I just returned from a trip to So Cal and were disappointed in the changes that I noticed in the parks. First of all, I haven't been to Disneyland since 2003 but this trip I saw TRASH thrown down in attractions and cups left on benches and gum on the pillars. I have never in all the years I have been going to Disney seen anything like this before. I think it is probably a combination of things that has caused this. One, there were way to many people under the age of 20 without adults to influence their behavior and two, I think Disneyland is vastly under staffed. I was given a photopass card upon check in at the Grand Californian but over a 5 day visit found no photograghers in the parks. Disappointing to say the least.Finally, for my birthday we ate at the Napa Rose. The food sounded fantastic but was mediocre at best and VERY expensive. The food is better and cheaper and any number of restuarants in the World. I will not be returning to Disneyland any time soon.My wife and I made Disneyland a must do on our world trip. The trip of a lifetime. Maybe my expectations were to high, but the lines are huge you line up for security checks then you line up to buy your tickets (pretty expensive) then you line up to enter the park. then you spend the rest of the day lining up. Tomorrowland really does need some paint and maintenance, the monorail track showing signs of corrosion and concrete cancer on the supports. As the header says a life time of waiting and it continued for our visit to disney land.Disneyland.... 2 Adults 3 kids(15,13,11).... pay for 5 Adults...At around $1200 Australian dollars for 3 days. Value for money not there, even with California Land(half open, waste!!). My wife and I were here 21 years ago... not much has changed.... Food was REALLY expensive... better off leaving the park and returning later. Considering that the place is full nearly all year round, the food is so over priced. Disney must be struggling these days.... Not only they slug you $150 $175 US (3 days) then expect you to spend around $30US a day to drink & feed yourself...I call it a RIP OFF!! kids enjoyed it... But went hungry until we got out of the theme park... and ate just over the road at a third of the price.We are big fans of Disneyworld in Florida, so we were excited to spend a day here at Disneyland. We got there early and parked for 12 dollars in Pumba, which is walking distance to the parks. We paid 99 dollars each for 4 one day parkhoppers. We went first to Disneyland because Calif Adv wasn't open yet. We did some rides and used a fast pass. It seemed a little seedier than Florida but it was okay. Then we went to California Adventure and we went to a playground type place called Redwood creek challenge trail. For us this was the best part. Not too crowded and my kids got to rock climb go up and down rope bridges and use a tire swing coaster. We ate lunch at a small grill attached to the Grand Calif. resort hotel. Which was not busy at all at 11:30am. We used fast pass to see soarin over Ca. very nice. The cons were later in the day the park got very very busy. They have specials for people who live in Southern CA so a lot of people were there in the afternoon who were annual passholders. At this point bathrooms were trashed, lines were over an hour long and it wasn't the happiest place on earth. I would never come here again. For 400 dollars Disney really needs to step up!We went to Disneyland the first week of December to celebrate my neice's birthday and to try to dull the pain of my best friend's family after the suicide of her husband. My neice Meagan was turning 21 during this trip and she wanted to do The Princess Dinner at Ariel's Grotto. We had reservations set and she decided to make it extra special, we should all dress up. We had our faces painted in the park and went back to our hotel to dress up for our reservation. We were stopped at security for almost three hours because, well they had several diferent reasons depending on which manager was talking to us. First we were told that we couldn't go on rides in our gowns. When we told them we weren't going on any rides, we had reservations at Ariel's Grotto. Then we were told that we couldn't wear formal wear in Disneyland California Adventureland. Then we were told that they only allow anyone under 10 years of age to dress up like princesses. Then we were told that there was a possible trademark infraction because we could be mistaken for their Princesses. When we reminded them that their Princesses did not have face paint and tattoos, they changed back to the no one over the age of 10 was allowed to dress up. When we reminded them that they had a shop in Disneyland that sold adult sizes of their Princess dresses. That is when we realized that Disneyland is basically a money grubbing organization that will take your money for the dresses but you will not be allowed to wear them in the same place that you bought it. This was evident when I had sent an e mail previously to inquire how the grand marshalls of the parade were chosen. I was hoping that during our 5 day visit, My 10 year old neice could possibly get to be in the parade as a way to lessen the pain of the first holidays without her father after the aforementioned suicide. I was basically accused of using the situation to get special treatment when they choose people at random. After I found out that you can get a  special  tour for $150 an hour, I finally realized that it is probably the people that spend the extra money get the  special  treatment. You would think that they make enough money charging $194 for a 5 day park hopper pass. When we reminded the management that everyone was supposed to be a child again at The Happiest Place on Earth, they finally said that they would escort us to our dinner, I am assuming so that they could keep an eye on us and make sure we didn't do other stuff while we were dressed up. That is when we had to tell them that our reservation was expired since we had to wait at security for almost 3 hours before they finally came up with this brilliant idea and that California Adventureland (where Ariel's Grotto is) was now closed. We were allowed to go to Downtown Disney to find a place to have dinner and I couldn't help but think that no one has never dressed up to go to the fancy restaurants in Downtown Disney or that we were the first people to try to dress up like princesses for the Princess Dinner? After this incident, we saw adults dressed as Alice in Wonderland, Peter Pan and Pirates and we asked them if they had been stopped at security because they were a trademark infraction or because they were over the age of 10. The answer was no, they sailed through security. Either they don't enforce there rules for other characters as much as they do for their Princesses or we must have looked better then these other people did and we were just too hot for Disney. This was the third trip in as many years that we had taken to Disneyland and needless to say our trip and her birthday were sullied by this incident and I doubt that any of us will ever go back to The Happiest Place On Earth.We just came back from Disneyland. I am sure our children will have good memories and forget the things that didn't work right at the park. On our first day (a Thursday) we stood in line ups that were reasonable in length, but on 4 occasions, as we got close to front of line, the varous rides broke and were then shut down for repairs.With this sort of failure rate, I can only think that a fair number of the rides should just be shut down and undergo heavy maintenance to bring them up to a standard where failure rates are lower.I would rather walk into a park and see a ride is shut down for a day week month (which did occur as well at Calif Adv.) than stand in line four times for half an hour each have it break as you are about 10 20 people away from getting on the ride. That is alot of wasted time, and frankly very frustrating when you've spent significant $ (almost $600 for family of 4 with two day pass) just to get into the park (ignoring airfares, hotels, etc. associated).Our second day was planned for Calif Adv., on Friday. The parks are supposed to be open later on weekends, however the Park shut down at 6 instead of 8 for a private Halloween function. Now, just so I understand this, we pay good $ to enjoy the park, which they shut down early to get more money from some other people for a private Halloween function. Fair...NOT!As one previous poster puts it, Disney is now all about getting the $ out of our wallets rather than Walt Disney's original vision.I would agree.In a comparison of Calif to Fla. I would say Fla. has got the better park.As I said earlier, the kids will have some good memories of the rides that did work, and will likely forget about the frustrating ride failures, the reduced time at the parks. However, I won't forget how I spent lots of $ to get punted out of one park early, or waiting in lines in hopes of a working ride when it's our turn.Disneyland Anaheimdate 12th sep 2008. London uk.After going to disney orlando many times thought we would have a change and try disney california, not what I thought it would be like, I didn,t think it had that special magic feel to it. I am glad we went now I have seen it dont think we will go back, sorry but thought florida much better place for us.I love the idea of Disneyland; the idea that Walt himself came up with back in 1955. But, Walt is long gone and so is the concept of this being a great family destination. In my opinion, it's all about the money and to cram as many people as possible into that park every day.If the park remained as quiet as the first couple of hours, I might have a different opinion. The first couple hours after the park opens is pretty enjoyable with short lines and room to breathe. But, as early as 10:00, you can feel it getting cramped, by noon it is a zoo, and by 2:00, you can't move. The rest of the day just gets worse and worse. Keep this in mind, the park pretty much averages close to 50,000 attendees in a day and those 50,000 people are crammed into a circle with a half mile diameter. That's about the size of your average football stadium which maybe holds a little more than that. It truly gets packed in.The rides themselves are fairly mediocre based on today's theme park standards. All of the rides try to tell a story and a lot of these are done by animations or animotronics. These are ok, but with just a couple of exceptions, the rides are all slow moving and don't take up much space as Disney really doesn't have much space. In my opinion, there really is nothing in the park waiting an hour for which you have to do pretty much all day when the park is busy. To put it in perspective, would you take your kids out in the car and drive a half hour away (1 hr round trip) to spend $5 each and go on a 3 minute ride and then go home? This is exactly what you do at Disneyland.While the park does offer the fastpass in order to make your wait shorter, the system is a total joke. We used fastpasses for a number of rides, but only on one ride did it seem to make any difference at all (Big Thunder Mountain RR). Many of the other fastpass lines merge in with the standby line after maybe going past 30 people. In the early afternoon, the fastpass system is really not worth it. By 2:00, the fastpass return was 7:30 at night for the major rides. By 3:00, it was 10:00 at night, and by 5:00, there were no more fastpasses available for the better rides.I do think a couple of the rides were fun, especially space mountain and indiana jones. The fireworks show is good and so is Fantasmic. But, even for those, the crowds at the park make it pretty unpleasant trying to find a viewing spot. People were lining up for spots for the fireworks around 6:00 for a 9:30 show. I'm not sure when people started showing up for the Fantasmic show, but if you get there even a little late, you are going to be standing with an obstructed view. After the shows, you are literally herded like cattle out of the viewing area.I do believe that our seven year old enjoyed the park as well as Mom and Dad. But, it's really not a good value at all. If you can get there on a slower day, it could be really worth the money. But, on a busier day (we were there on Monday, July 21), it's really not a good value for your entertainment dollar.Everything was fine, except for the long lines. I know lines are to be expected, but 2 hour waits for 1 ride is a little ridiculous. I wouldn't recommend going during spring break. We were there Sunday   Tuesday, and we thought the Sunday crowd was typical for the weekend and it would get better on a weekday. Well, it was worse on Monday, and almost impossible on Tuesday. Other than that, the rides were fun, and my 7 year old loved it.We recently returned from our family trip to Disneyland. While Disney does a good job of creating a fantasy vacation, they definitely know what it means to have a monopoly. We stayed in the Grand Californian and found it impossible to have even a simple snack without spending at least $10 per person. I was shocked when a small individual serving size orange juice bottle was over $4 !! A breakfast sandwich in nearby downtown Disney (most likely with every vendor owned by Disney) was $9. Yes, that's right $9!! What you would pay $2 for in the outside world was more than 4x's the price.Here is the problem. You get to the park, your family is having fun enjoying the rides and then someone mentions they are hungry. You have to feed them, no choice, and Disney knows it. Our small family of 3 averaged more than $100 daily just to have simple meals and drinks while in the park.Then someone wants a sweatshirt, or a toy, or a souvenier of some type. You can't say no! This is a once in a lifetime experience, so you sucumb and allow Disney to violate you again and again and again. All the while, you are trying to justify paying 4 to 5 x's what anything should in reality cost by telling yourself you are at the happiest place on earth and making memories.Heed this warning. If you go to Disneyland or Disney World or anything Disney. Pack a back pack with food each day before you go. Have everyone agree you won't eat more than 1 meal in the park while you are there. Have everyone agree you won't purchase more than one souvenier and that the price of that item will not exceed x $'s.While the Grand Californian is a beautiful hotel, it is there to rob you of your hard earned cash just like the rest of the Disney regime. If you have a spouse who wants to stay in this hotel, insist that it be for only a single night and then stay at a nearby non Disney hotel for a fraction of the cost.Frankly, I would have really enjoyed the 4 days we spent in the theme parks if I didn't have to work for the next 2 months just to pay for the experience. Don't be another Disney victim. Let common sense prevail and you will make great memories and be able to look proudly at your bank account when it is all over.First of all, Disneyland was wonderful. The people were great. That said, DO NOT USE EXPEDIA TO PURCHASE PARK TICKETS. I had invited my entire family to a reunion at Disneyland and purchased a package thru Disney Travel which included hotel and park tickets. This was a 3 day trip and a couple of family members could not make the 3 days we were there but at the last minute were able to come 1 day before us and were to join us for 2 days but leave early . I purchased online park tickets for them through Expedia, two 2 day park hoppers. I coud not find anyplace during the purchase to enter any name other than mine, but since I was purchasing two tickets, I thought that was the way it had to be: obviously Expedia does not think 1 person will be using both tickets, so the name must not matter. I printed the tickets and gave them to my nephew to use.He and his girlfriend arrived at Disneyland but when they got to the gate, the person at the booth said they had no record of the tickets and sent him to customer service, who also could not find a record of the tickets.. My nephew had them call me directly. They said were still unable to locate a record of the tickets, going from the booth to customer service and then waiting while they explained the situation and then called me took aver an hour, added to the time they had to stand in line. I told Disney to just charge my credit card for another set of tickets and that I would work it out with Expedia but the people at Disney said they would honor the tickets, but asked that I bring a copy of my purchase information when I came the next day. They also kindly gave my nephew a coupld of Fast Passes to make up for the inconvienience. The next day I stood in line with my newphew and took the paperwork to the booth, where they once again searched and told me there was absolutely no record of the ticket I purchased from Expedia on file, but that again, they would honor it since obviously I had purchased it: I had all of the paperwork with me. Once again they gave us a couple Fast Passes and appologies. They were great. Here's when the problem comes up, I contact Expedia when I get home: they say the entire probelm was that MY NAME WAS ON BOTH TICKETS SO ONLY I COULD USE BOTH TICKETS. And yes, that's what it says on the fine print in back. They insist that that was the only problem with the tickets and refused to even address the issue that no one at Disneyland could even locate a record of the tickets. Together the kids and I lost 4 hours of time standing in extra lines trying to get the problem resolved, I asked for a partial refund, Expedia offered me a discount on a future trip. NO THANKS. I will not be using them again. So this is just a caution   Disneyland was great, Expedia may ruin your dream vacation.Before I start my review, I must admit that I was aware that Disney would be crowded around Christmas but never did I imagine sold out crowds with 2 hour waits for rides, fast passes sold out by noon, and herds of some of the rudest people I have ever been around.....and a MERRRRRRRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU TOO!Ok, so my family and I have been to Disney several times but never during the Christmas season. We decided to surprise our kids with a trip to Disneyland and left Christmas morning. We stayed for 5 days and 4 of the 5 days were sold out. We averaged 4 rides a day. UGH. My kids begged to just go back to the hotel and swim. I couldnt blame them. Disney is magical and it is the best theme park anywhere. I will never be able to take that away HOWEVER, if you go, DO NOT go during this time of year. It was a waste of 656. for park hoppers. Every single day, fast passes were sold out by noon. We preferred to stay late as we seemed to get more bang for our buck between 10 and midnight so, it really stunk that we couldnt get fast passes later in the day when we arrived.The parades were fantastic as usual but we didnt get to see many characters, and I dont blame them for not wanting to come out to the rude mobs of parents pushing their kids in front of others to get their pictures taken with them.All in all, I would NOT recommend that people go to Disneyland during Christmas. It is simply not a good value.Wait until mid Jan or early February to go if you want to ride a lot of rides and not have your heals ran over by strollers. True, you do give up warm weather, but I would take no lines over hot sunshine anyday.Still love Disneyland, DO NOT LOVE DISNEYLAND DURING CHRISTMAS. It would be nice if Disney could somehow figure out a way to control crowds. BUT then they wouldnt be making as much money, which is what it really is all about for the Disney corp.okay i went to disneyland in los angeles and i have to say it really sucked the lines were very long the staff were really rude and they only have 2 thrill rides which are California screamin and space mountain which are very ordinary for thrill rides aside from that i would say it is a good place for little young girls since it doesnt have much for others,anyway if you are thinking of going to a thrillpark in Los Angeles go to Knotts berry farm or six flags they are heaps betterI have visited Disneyland nearly 15 times over the course of my life and have never had a complaint until now. Splash Mountain and the Railroad were both closed for maintenance, the parade has completely changed and several park employees were as rude as could possibly be.Before the parade started, my boyfriend and I sat well within the rope enclosure nearby to a young family. We were told that if we were not sitting on the curb we had to stand. I asked why and was told,  So that more people can stand behind you.  I was not leaning back on my elbows and neither of us are large people so weren't taking up extra room and continued to sit. We were told again to stand,  People behind you can stand there.  When I said we aren't taking up extra room by sitting AND we would be blocking the view of the people behind us if we stood, I was told that it was  Park Rules .So we begrudgingly stood. The parade began and the first thing I noticed was that the floats aren't covered in lights as they used to be. So that was a major disappointment. And of course, because people were standing, there was complaining all around in the back rows, that they couldn't see the people dancing.I'm not a rule breaker by nature but when a rule doesn't make proper sense, I get really ticked off.We still had a good time but that little incident really ruined the parade.We have been to Disney World five times, and love it. Since we were in CA on Spring Break, decided to try Disneyland. We were very disappointed for a number of reasons. The park is not kept up like Disney World  peeling paint and lack of manicured landscaping, as well as at least 5 closed attractions. The cast members aren't as friendly and the magic that we feel at Disney World just seemed to be lacking. Granted, it was Spring Break, but the lines were horrendous! We didn't get to go on half the rides. I don't think we would go back.We've just returned from world famous Disneyland and first I will say we have no one to blame but ourselves for going at the time we did   late December for 2 days between Christmas and New Years, 2006. My husband and I just got back. I've never written a review of anything before and believe me, I try very hard to see the positive in life but being at Disneyland the past few days was actually a nightmare punctuated by a few pretty fun moments (the short times actually spent ON the rides). I've been to DL many times   35 years ago, 25 years ago and several times in between up until this past week. Positives:**Seeing thousands of faces of the other visitors each morning with big smiles, great attitudes and lots of high expectations.**Seeing in amazed disbelief the patience and great attitudes of the small children waiting patiently and quietly in line for 1  hours for a 5 minute ride. (This 43 yr.old female with grown boys had a much harder time trying to behave and be patient~I took my lead from these thousands of children)**Parkvue Inn across the street   right there at DL if you need a break, pretty clean and perfectly adequate for basic needs.**Denny's across the street, same as above. Coco's too, very good, friendly service but quite a walk.**Pecan turtle candy and the rock candy from the candy shop and the nice T shirts I bought.**The time actually spent on the rides   each one is unique, nostalgic and charming   Matterhorn, Peter Pan, Pirates of Carribean, Space Mountain, Indiana Jones, Small World, Haunted Mansion, etc.**Friendly, professional staff who try very hard to look happy.**Their burgers and fries at Tomorrowland   decent, basic, filling food.Negatives: **1 hour  lines (which felt like two) for a 5 minute ride! Can these brilliant and innovative people who run DL think of any way to improve the wait time during the busy seasons?**Line jumpers   families friends who  hold  the place of another  family friend. Actually witnessed a fight toward the front of one ride.** Comparatively few places to sit for the amount of visitors. Got the feeling they wanted all of us to keep moving or SHOPPING; didn't matter if you were elderly or child size.**Children who are crying because they are expected to wait for 1 hours in line for a 5 minute ride. They are too tired, too bored or too exhausted from all the waiting. And parents who are tired and cranky too and just trying to get their moneysworth and make their kids happy.**$3.00 for a regular cup of Nescafe coffee that tastes like freeze dried reconstituted and no access to real cream or Equal!!(You would think for the price.....but I always bring my own Equal anyways)**$8.00 for a burger and fries!!(Again, you would think for with all these visitors......)Well, go to DL, but be prepared, be warned, be ready to wait if you go during peak times. Thanks for letting me vent! mhWe went to Disneyland in July. It was sooooo hot. There were lines :To the tramTo get ticketsTo get through the gate (where they look through your purse )For all ridesFor food or drinksWell they need to plant more trees. On a very hot day there was almost no shade and the little shade that was around was taken already. There were no resturants to go into to get a little AC. Most were out door and really crowded or those little stands with or with out an umbrella and a nice hot wait in a long line.It is also very expensive, water was almost 3 bucks and food was 4 10 bucks depending on which stand you are in. There were a few water fountains but no where to get a cup with ice. Not even if you paid. Tickets have no discounts. No triple A no internet no anything. They will not give you a break. They promote the 2 day tickets that cost about 120$ and not much less for kids 9 and under. For a single day My family paid 70  70   60 for 3 one day tickets. About 200$ first thing then 5 waters at 3 dollars each for 15$ and a toy for 15$ for my three year old. About 230$. Parking was 10$ cash only too so that makes it 240$ At least we brought our own stroller which runs about 8$ There are stands selling toys everywhere and the other ones are selling drinks. They won't allow you to bring any in yourself to save. So you buy the tickets get the stroller get the drinks for the family and maybe some food and a gift or picture for the low price of 240$. That is too much for a place that needs to plant trees for the population of people customers that could use some shade, makes it impossible to find your way out and to the parking lot, and searches you because they do not want to loose a profit by having someone bring in thier own food and drinks, and renew and replace a ton of the old machinery. We were stuck on the Pirates of the Carrabean for 20 minutes in one spot because a boat got stuck in the front. This is unsafe, and expensive in my opinion.They must be so rich earning about 200$ for every one that goes in every day. There were about a zillion people there when I went. so 200x 20,000 people (or more) 40,000,000$And moldy water in splash mountain, sticking and old rides in need of work, no shade, and tons of walking and lines and crowds.This is not the happiest place on earth, the 240$ plus the hotel with high tax for 2 nights 250$ 500$ in 2 days. Whoa.Hope this helpsI spent four and a half days in Anaheim in late February, three of them at the Disneyland resort. My sister has already rated the Parks based on this late February 2006 trip but I thought I would add my thoughts to this.A great many reviewers found disappointment at Disneyland due to the large crowds, unpleasant individuals, rude Cast Members, etc. While some may wish to suggest we've all made this up, that isn't the case. No sour grapes here, friends, just the facts: Disneyland is, indeed, too crowded and it absolutely makes for an unpleasant time.Only silly clowns can paint smiles on their faces and pretend the ridiculously long lines are fun, or that being bumped, pushed, or mowed down by rude adults armed with monster sized strollers is part of the Disney magic.I've seen the Park more crowded than it was on our visits February 20 23    but it still wasn't great. There are certain traditions I could do without, such as the Main Street crush prior to park opening, of which I have included pictures. That isn't part of the Disney magic, is it?You definitely have to have a strategy mapped out before entering the Parks, and you cannot deviate from it or your day is a loss. Even then, your plans may not hold if a ride is shut down, etc.But maybe that's the problem. Maybe you shouldn't have to have a strategy to enjoy Disneyland. I don't know what the answer to the problem is for the Disney folks    I'm not sure they are too worried about it as long as people parade through the gates willing to put up with it. It's not :sour grapes  to be displeased with it    if anything, it's foolish to pretend it's wonderful when it's not. The cost of tickets, hotels, etc. is too great these days not to get the most from your money and enjoy a pleasant, high quality experience.For what it's worth, I was at the park late August 2005 for three days and it wasn't nearly as crowded as it was in late February. How do you explain that one?We visited Disneyland on February 24 & 25 as my son had a vacation and we thought the parks wouldn't be too crowded. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The last time we visited Disneyland was prior to 9 11 so we expected some entrance issues with new security but found that the security lines were extremely long as were the lines to get into the park. And if you wanted to  hop  parks, the lines were long no matter what time we decided to see the other park. What's the point of the hand stamp if there isn't a special entrance to move people through quickly? Aside from Saturday morning from 8:00   10:30 which was lovely because it wasn't crowded, everything had a line. It was clear that Disneyland wasn't prepared for the crowds. At California Adventure it took almost an hour to get lunch at the burger place by Soarin' over California. We also had problems with trying to eat dinner at the River Belle Terrace. After waiting 20 minutes (the line hadn't moved at all), we decided to just grab something at the Bengal Barbeque. Not exactly what we had in mind for dinner, but by then, we were all so tired, hungry and frustrated with the lines that we just wanted something easy. Unfortunately because everything was so crowded it did tend to bring out the worst in people. We found that many were extremely rude and would bump into us (or run us over with a stroller or mechanized wheel chair). FastPass did work most of the time (although we had to do Splash Mountain on a different day because it wasn't running during our FastPass time) but not all rides offer this option. The Monster's Inc. ride at California Adventure had an hour long wait for a less than 4 minute ride. Definitely not worth the wait!! So the worst were the people. The best were still some of the rides like Soarin' Over California, Grizzly River Run (Fast Pass both of these), the new and improved Space Mountain (definitely worth a ride) and the Talk with Crush (California Adventure) was really well done and very cute. All in all, it'll be quite a while before we would even consider returning to Disneyland. Disney has always been a bit money grubbing but it was abundantly clear that once you bought your ticket, they could care less about your experience.As Disneyland Annual Passholder's, we try to visit Disneyland once every month or every other month.All our experiences with Disneyland PRIOR to the 50th Anniversary were good. Since the 50th Anniversary began, Disneyland has been anything but the  Happiest Place On Earth . According to my husband, it was the  Most Miserable Place On Earth .On 12 10 05, I called DelivEARS to inquire about a shopping pass for 12 11 05. I was informed that I would be able to get a shopping pass for that day.On 12 11 05, my mom and I left Bakersfield for the 3 hour drive down to Anaheim to shop at Disneyland.After a very long 3 hour drive and $70. in fuel, we were told that due to filming in Disneyland no shopping passes were being issued that day. I made a verbal and written complaint to Disneyland, but Disneyland did not compensate me for the lost time or money.Then when renewing an annual pass on line, the Disneyland web site was experiencing technical difficulties and we did not get our early renewal discount of $20. I wrote an e mail addressing the web site error and asked for my discount but received no reply. I had to write a written letter accusing Disneyland of FALSE ADVERTISEMENT before I was offered my $20. discount   BUT   I had to wait in a line at Guest Services to get my $20. refund, and no other compensation was offered. As annual passholder's, we receive special mailings and offers from Disneyland. My 7 year old daughter was sent an elaborate mailer advertising the opening of the new Monstres' Inc., ride at Disney's California Adventure. The mailer gave instructions to print coloring and activity pages from the computer. Since we all like Monsters' Inc., we planed a trip to Disneyland 1 20 06   1 22 06, so we could experience the new attraction. I always check the Disneyland web site for attraction closurers, weather forecast, etc. According to the web site everything would be open except Goofy's Bounce House, The Haunted Mansion, and the Redwood Creek Challange trail. After a week of my children coloring Monsters' Inc., coloring pages, watching the movie, etc. they were very excited to ride the new ride.As we went to ride the new Monsters' Inc., ride, it was CLOSED due to some celebrity that we had never heard of being there for a media event. Obviously, this was a planned event   WHY THEN DID THE DISNEYLAND WEB SITE NOT LIST THE RIDE IN THE CLOSED ATTRACTION SECTION???Once again I made a verbal complaint, and once again Disneyland did not care. It is my opinion that Disneyland does not care about the customer   just the customer's money. Once Disneyland has your money, Disneyland does not care if you're a satisfied customer   all Disneyland cares about is having your money.Since the 50 th Anniversary, I have notice long lines, over crowding, poor service and rude cast members. Disneyland is so focused on promoting the 50th Anniversary to make as much money as possible that Disneyland does not care about customer satisfaction. Please think twice before visiting the Disneyland 50th Anniversary.I have been visiting Disneyland annualy for 35 years. In the last 10, every year another great attraction is abandoned. First it was the skyway, then it was the peoplemover, the motorboat cruise, the submarine voyage, mission to mars, the penny arcade, the keel boats, the main street electrical parade, and now sleeping beauty's castle walk thru will not be reopening for the 50th anniversary. To be fair, there are a few things the disney management have added. $50 a person per day for less attractions than before. Plenty of cash generating retail and restaurant spaces that use to be attractions. Multiple rides closed for months and sometimes years for refurbishment. Shorter operating hours for people who like seeing less for full price. The only good thing about Disneyland is enjoying the remaining original attractions that Walt built. I wonder what attraction will disappear in 2005?I just visited Disneyland and was quite disappointed with the number of ride closures! We were aware that Space Mountain was closed for the year, but many other rides attractions were closed frequently for problems. To list a few:  Indiana Jones   we obtained a fastpass and when we returned the ride was closed. The next day, once again the ride was closed and finally on our third try we managed to get on. (It was a good ride, for your information and worth the wait).  Matterhorn   we were told by other people that they spent 75 minutes in the lineup only to be turned away when they got to the entrance as the ride was shutdown for maintenance after problems. People were led off the ride. This occured on at least 2 3 occasions. We gave up and didn't bother going on it. Pirates of the Caribbean   We went on this ride after about a 30 minute wait and got stuck on it at the part where the town is all singing  Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me!  for at least 30 minutes. This is not a pleasant experience and actually people were getting kind of panicky.  Haunted Mansion   We had a temporary stall when we were on this ride, but only for about 5 minutes. Still, this added to the list of malfunctions in the park.We were not pleased to find we had arrived during the California Spring Easter Break and lineups and crowds were overwhelming.Unlike most reviews, however, we really enjoyed California Adventure. If you are going, check out the restaurant by Soaring over California   the  all dressed fries  (not sure of the name, but they have fries, chili, sour cream, cheese, onions, etc and are fabulous and a good bargain!) The rides are more exciting for older children teenagers and the Aladdin show is awesome. Also, Who Wants to be a Millionaire, a Bug's life, and many others. Very worthwhile.We booked tickets on line for Disneyland, this is something I recommend, the lines were already long when we got there, so booking your tickets in advance does help.I was advised to buy a fast passes, but i decided not to, because it was not clear to me on the website if this also counted as an entrance ticket, meaning; a total price of 90 euro with entrancevinstead or 74 or 68 or an extra 90 euro's, depending on age of child.But even if we would have, the lines were long there as well, and also, what kind of system is this? People that do not have that much to spend will be held back, because people with money obviously can skip the lines...absolutely ridiculous.Getting something to eat was horrible, again lines everywhere...just to eat someting right...And don't get me started on the staff, trying to figure out the amount of 3 icecreams with a small casio computer, and not being able to, or very rude staff. Only 2 ladies were friendly, have to be honest. All in all, very disappointing, long waiting lines, not being able to sit somewhere like a human being, and bad service.Our kids were so disappointed that they wanted to leave.We even heard people saying: 'Never again'.Absolutely not worth the money.We went to Disneyland Paris during the Easter break with family members who had come over from the States. As we had all experience Disneyland in Anaheim and Disneyworld in Orlando, perhaps our expectations were just too high. First off, the moving sidewalks from the parking lot to the park entrance were broken. Not a great first impression. Furthermore, there was a lot of gardening work ongoing when we arrived. Isn't Disney supposed to be magic, with everything looking in top shape and perfect? The security line moved, but was the first bottleneck. The second major bottleneck was to actually enter the park. As we had bought tickets online, we thought we would be able to enter the park fairly easily. However, there was pretty much mass chaos at the ticket check point, with many people jumping the queue and others just standing around. We eventually made it through and made our way to Fantasyland.We managed to ride a few rides, but when it came time to get on the Teacups, they had closed the ride. Not for the day, but for about 45 minutes to disperse the line. This caused many people just to loiter around the entrance, waiting for the ride to open again. Not great. We did manage to eat lunch  early  enough that we didn't have to wait a long time. However, the food that we got was not what we ordered. None of us had the wherewithal to go back and try to fix the order. so we just ate what we got. When it came time for ice cream, it took about 45 minutes just to get to the front of the line, and then another 10 minutes to process the order. This was because the staff at the counter were poorly trained, and only one person knew how to use the register, and others seemed like trainees. There were plenty of other foodcarts around the park that were empty. Not enough staff at the park to operate these. There were also plenty of rides (like Autopia and Dumbo) that were closed for renovation. Disneyland Paris does not carry the iconic felt mouse ears. We definitely won't be going back, and I can't recommend Disneyland Paris to anyone who is looking for a true Disney experience.I know Disneyland is a money machine but hadn   t realised how much service and enjoyment had been sacrificed to achieve this aim. We visited with our 2 grandchildren and entered the park just after the gates opened. Even then it was manic, probably too many people for the park to cope with.The story was Q,Q and Q. The worst was Peter Pan, the board outside said a 100 minute wait but this became an actual 127 minutes! The reason for this is Fast Pass. As a day visitor you are a third class customer. The pecking order starts with those who are on special deals in the resort hotels, then comes those who have paid even more money for Fast Pass. These people are able to queue jump leaving you to watch as they go to the front of the line. The Q situation extended to the catering facilities, even a coffee took 42 minutes. The guy was morose, monosyllabic and unhelpful. There were a number of these    solo    food stations around the site and all seemed to have the same issues. Having visited Disney in California a few years back and loved the experience, Paris was an awful, poor value experience and will not be repeated.Having visited the Disney parks in both FL and CA in the states I have certain expectations of the Disney brand and parks and this park fell extremely short. From the initial unorganized entrance to the park to the lack of cast members available, it was a let down. Lots of areas in the park were under renovation while we were there, and there was nothing to make up for it. We were there the Monday before Easter and the crowds were terrible. And let   s add to the fact that visitors to this park will cut you in line and skip through the lines and not blink an eye, super annoying. They do this for all lines. We waited in line for Big Thunder mountain for 40 min only to be abruptly told to get out of line. Apparently the ride broke and that was it. No further explanation, no sorry, nothing. The very few cast members we encountered were unfriendly, unhelpful, and did not have any    Disney    magic. We love Disney and have been visiting the parks annually for the past 11 years. We would never go back to this park. Visited the Park today   20 4   and can conclude that they simply let too many people in. Already at opening, queues at the attractions where 1 hour plus. At midday   the so called fast track was at 4 hours plus waiting time. And the food? Ofcourse also here endless queues and the menu still consists of pre made sad deep fried varieties of unhealthy fast food. Coffee? Don   t. They only offer a poor variety of freeze dried machine coffee. As my title suggests   bring in the Americans to show you how to run it better. We were a family of 9 visiting Easter week, queue time for the rides were between 1   2 hours long, so in a 8 hour visit you only had 5 6 rides in total. In the US the Disney staff are more efficient, as one guest leaves the ride, the next is entering onto it, not something we saw here, staff very slow. We queued 45 minutes to buy an ice cream on Main Street, only one person serving, our daughter queued 30 minutes to buy a Micky Mouse key ring, again just one person serving in the gift shop. Quite a few of the rides not working, the main Disney train not available for the full 3 days we were there, the Dumbo ride also broken down for the whole 3 day visit. My advice is only visit in low season,We decided to take our 6 year old for a long weekend. I must say we are very disappointed with the experience in general. Whilst I appreciate it was school holidays and the crowds were huge, I cannot see the value in paying so much for passes when actually you are likely not even to make it to 10 attractions over 2 days because of the queues. Some of the attractions were closed for renovation and others just look very tired and dated. The staff are poorly trained and for both days we were sent on a goose chase for our tickets because we had some vouchers. On day one we queued for over an hour!. We had downloaded the passes to our phones and one would expect that just like your plane ticket this should work at the barrier but no it didn   t! Leading us to queue at three different queues as none of the staff was trained enough to to know what to do. On the first day after what felt like endless hours queuing we were given tickets for    both days   , except this was not the case so the same drama the second day, another 70 minutes of queuing. This put us on a back foot for both days meaning we only had limited time and endless queues to endure before we could visit any attraction. The place is also VERY EXPENSIVE for the most basic things i.e. food I paid    37 or so for a meal of fries, a small bottle of water and a fish burger, 1 small portion of fries and 4 chicken nuggets. On day two we decided to leave the park and eat at one of the restaurants by he entrance. It was much more reasonable, it was proper food and peaceful. Merchandise is also cheap and tacky but EXPENSIVE!. We also stayed in a vacation club and not at Disney. This was a great choice away from all tack at Disney.The marvel attractions were ok but they had technical glitches and the queues horrendous. The parade was so busy the little 6 year old could hardly see anything. I know people were queuing since 4 pm for the 5.30 pm parade (what a waste of a day). Same with the fireworks we turned up at 9 ish to find a good patch but taller selfish people just walked in and stood in front of us again he couldn   t see much. I must add that not once did we see Mickey or Minnie except on the float or if we were prepared to queue for ages or book some silly breakfast (more money) with the characters. Why couldn   t they just have a few of these characters meeting and greeting children?. Their app is not very good and doesn   t give much info nor is it interactive enough. Information in general is sketchy unless you sit there planning for weeks. I think if you are a regular or know how to play the game you   d be ok. This is not a destination of once in a life time for a 6 yr old. There is no room for spontaneity. In general I felt we could have holidayed in Africa and seen real lions or the Caribbean and enjoyed the beaches for a better experience for the amount of money we paid. This was just a very tacky, dirty and over priced experience for very little return. I feel the place is so commercial (money, money, money)that the spirit of the magic is lost! I'd been really excited to go disneyland and expected alot better from how much money I spent. It was so over crowded you spent all day shuffling along or waiting in a que. There wasn't actually that many rides there and quite a few of them were shut so the ques were horrendous on the open ones. Only managed to get on 3 rides. It really wasn't worth the money. The place looks nice but it's basically just one large gift shop that you have to pay alot to get into. Won't be going back.The worst of the Disney Parks we   ve visited (all Florida, California and Tokyo parks). Other than the ease of getting to the property on the RER A line, there is very little to like about this subpar version of Disneyland. There are a much smaller number of    showcase    rides at this location, resulting in way longer lines than at US parks and an antiquated FastPass system that runs out of passes mere hours after the park opens for the day. The workers at this park were unhelpful and downright scornful or rude at times even for the most basic of questions. And the grounds sometimes had trash and cigarette butts laying around. You would never see that at any other Disney park. Finally, the size of strollers and backpacks allowed at this park are gigantic, resulting in some incredibly frustrating experiences as you try to navigate the park   s very narrow passage ways. We checked it off the list, but we will definitely never set foot in this place again.We were very disappointed in our recent day at Disneyland Paris. We enjoy Disney World and were looking forward to seeing the European version. Getting there on the train was relatively easy. We only had one day   time for one park, so with a seven year old we chose Disneyland. We arrived right after the park opened and planned to stay through dinnertime. We gave up and left about 4:30. There aren   t a lot of rides to begin with, and several were closed including the train, Space Mountain, the cars, the Haunted Mansion, even the Swiss Family Robinson tree house. The only characters we saw were Donald Duck and the Genie from Aladdin. They were fixed in place with long lines, not walking around greeting people. Unless you pay an outrageous surcharge to get three Fastpasses in advance, Fastpasses use the old system where you get one at a time from a machine. As with all Disney parks food was grossly overpriced, 50 Euro for three hamburgers. Two out of three structures seemed to be shops and it felt more like a shopping mall than a Disney park. I would not recommend wasting a day here.Place is nice and service as well. Kitchen poor and super bad   bloody expensive for what u get. Pumpkin soup: cold and 0 taste. Prawns cold, mashy not cleaned with excrementes still inside. Pasta for kids: ice cold, super soft mashy,. Risotto like a golf ball   hard a big lump.... Kids 45,  euro and adults 77,  euroUnbelievable!!!! Shame on u guys! Just service was really OK and friendly It was cold and a bit rainy so that didn't help especially since I usually go to Orlando to see Mickey. My biggest complaint by far is that most of my favorite rides were closed. I feel so ripped off. They should be selling the tickets at half priced since you get half the rides. It's crazy. Big Thunder Mountain and The Haunted House were closed   you should just shut down Frontier land...nothing else left there. Dumbo was closed, Tea cups were dry! It was just a big waste of money. I am glad I got to see it but it was disappointing to say the least. I hope it improves.has some fun things for small children not for thrill seekers some people seem to forget the are adults, for example a grown man pushing in front of a 2 year old to get his picture with Minnie Mouse! after two women had already done the same before himparades are fun for little ones if you can get a decent space to watch, and even if you do its a fight to hold your place with ignorant people taking selfies & trying to push their way in front of youi cant see teenagers being kept entertained for very longfood and drink is not cheap eitherI have visited Disneyland Anaheim probably 10 times now and if you hadn   t guessed I LOVE THE PLACE. I have also done Florida which also is spectacular so when I travelled to Europe I thought I have to get my fix whilst there. What a disappointment everything that Disney achieves in the states is completely missing in Paris. Besides the huge lines for tickets and waiting ages because there was only 2 booths open. The whole park is missing that magical feeling. One attraction I went on the start was a typical host who describes what is about to happen etc. she asked for a show of hands as to who was English or understood English and although she said that   s most of you she then proceeded to do the show in French though she clearly had the choice. The whole place just feels empty in comparison to the parent parks. I   m sure that if you were a first timer to a Disney park that you would love it but if your a seasoned lover of everything Disney please avoid you will be disappointed Visited for the day while staying in Paris. Took the RER from Nation,    7.90 single. Hadn't prebooked anything as it was a last minute decision to go. Booked tickets online. There are security checks on the way in, but they were quick. We had downloaded the app so we could check the waiting times (universally lengthy) and we picked up a map when we got in.As others have said, the queues are horrendous. Sign for Big Thunder Mountain stated 65 minutes when we joined, was extended to 75 minutes, then 85 minutes when we were stuck in the queue. When we finally got to the front (after 90 minutes) we realised that this was because one train was not in use). We had planned to go on several other rides, but couldn't face the 120 minute queue. We queued for the parachute jump ride, which broke down when we were in the queue, so we didn't get to go on it. Was disappointed that several rides weren't working, including the Haunted House which we wanted to go on.Highlights were the Ratatouille ride and the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. The Star Wars show was good and the end of night fireworks were very impressive. Everywhere was clean, although people were smoking everywhere, including in the queues. A lot of things are looking a bit tired, including the toilet facilities. I brought a small picnic, so didn't buy food in the park. There were water fountains available so we refilled our bottles, but half of the ones we tried to use were out of order.My overwhelming memory of the day will be of queueing. I have no intention of returning. Checked with my son and he said he wouldn't go back, as the queues were too long and several rides weren't working.First stepping into Disneyland was brilliant, the way everything is set out and all the buildings are great to look at. We decided to go early and have breakfast, we were looking around for almost an hour with not much luck. As a vegan or even just somebody wanting to eat anything other than burgers, hotdogs, fries, donuts or waffles then the food choices are very poor. You would think they might want to have healthier options for children as well. Bigger resturants wanted 35 euro each for a buffet style breakfast, some were not even open. I ended up with a plain salad and fries for breakfast then didnt eat the rest of the day. We asked to go into a resturant for a drink as we had been walking around all day and they just said no, you cant just have a drink here you need to eat as well. Then walking around a lot of the rides were closed, long wait on the ones that were open, then we qued for over half an hour for pirates of the caribbean then to just be told its not working at the moment. We just waited around, hungry, until 7pm for the fireworks. The fireworks closing show was brilliant, I couldnt fault that at all. Overall could have been a lot better for the price.Me and my husband went in December on the hopes that the queues wouldn't be long, offcourse that was not the case and we only had one day to spare for Disneyland in paris. I truthfully think that paying 120    per person for 3 rides is just a waste of time and money. Either go for 3 days at least or don't. we were freezing, each queue was for 70 120min which is ridiculous, not to mention we wasted like 40 mins standing inline for a ride that was stopped for maintenance and was told they didn't know when it will be back on. Paying an extra 90    per person for the express line also seemed very steep. Even the restaurants had queues, we couldn't eat in any restaurant as they were all booked, we ended up buying some horrible hotdogs and eating them standing up. Disneyland is a magical place but not for one day. So a few people have asked me  how does Disneyland Paris compare to Disney World in Florida? . Well, the honest answer is that Florida is better in almost every way. Hands down. We had a good time in Paris, no question. But here are my two cents worth!Disneyland Paris is fun and easy to get to from the UK. Some rides are identical (Peter Pan, Dumbo, Buzz Lightyear...)   some are even better (Big Thunder Mountain). The Disney Studios are better (but smaller) than the Hollywood Studios park in Florida, and the village area is great. Nearby accommodation is cheap and it's well connected to Val d'Europe, one of Europe's biggest and best shopping centres.But it just isn't anything like as magic as Disney World in Florida. Both parks in Paris would COMFORTABLY fit into just Magic Kingdom in Florida, and even then there are some major flaws in the way the Paris parks run. Firstly, there are almost no meet and greets, which children adore. You have to queue for over TWO HOURS just to meet a Princess, which just isn't a good use of time or patience! This should be the easiest thing to provide compared to a whole new ride, so I don't understand why they don't do this. Secondly, the Fastpass system in Florida works brilliantly and allows everyone to try some of the signature attractions on every visit. Paris doesn't do this, with only a handful of rides offering a Fastpass, but you can't book it in advance like Florida, and they are severely restricted on numbers and time. This means the best rides in Paris have THREE HOUR waits, for two minute rides. You could spend nine hours in the park for six minutes of fun, which is ridiculous.If you're prepared to travel the distance, book hotels, buy   100  tickets for the day and NOT do the top activities   fine, but my guess is you'll leave feeling short changed. Don't get me wrong, you'll still have a good day, but you'll largely be consoling yourselves and your little ones with the fringe rides and chance encounters with any characters.Which brings me to the main problem. In Disney World, everything is spotless   literally not one leaf out of place. And the cast members are amazingly positive, polite, helpful and go out of their way to ensure you have a great time. They make your day, and it's truly magical. Disneyland Paris is dirty. Filthy toilets (and not enough of them), broken rides, lifts, escalators etc., litter EVERYWHERE (including floating in the water of Small World!) and the cast members are hilariously grumpy, surly and rude. Mostly they just completely ignore you and the children. They do like to bark instructions though!This isn't helped by the clientele who often spat on the floor (how is this a thing?!? Especially with kids around!?!) and smoked everywhere (even in indoor queues and rides) and will quite happily barge you, children and babies out of the way to jump the line.Everything in Florida is perfectly managed and the guests behave accordingly. There are six parks to choose from and you could be there for a year and not see everything there is to offer.Disneyland Paris is poorly run, and it's comes as quite a shock on your first day, if you've been to Disney World (and probably California and Shanghai too) before. I don't know whether it's the behaviour of the guests that makes the cast members so miserable, or whether there's not enough of them or adequate training, but you really have to not dwell on it and make your own fun if you want to get the most smiles out of your day.Came to have a Disney weekend. Stayed at a hotel nearby and enjoy their free shutte.As usual, minimum queue is 60mins 90mins for each attraction that last at 2mins max.Disney have to find a solution to shorten this time lost everytime you visit the park so that people who bought ticket  2park 1day  can actually visit properly these park within their day limitSoo disappointed in my experience. :( I will preface this review by saying I am a HUGE Disney fan. Coming from the States as a frequent traveler to Walt Disney World and Disneyland in Anaheim, CA, I understand that the bar is set VERY high for Disney parks and attractions. When I first arrived to central Paris, our driver asked what we were doing. When I said our stay concluded with the New Years Eve party and stay onsite in Disneyland Paris, he told me that it was a shame because the parks in the USA are so much better and there are so many things to see and do in France. I laughed it off, but I now realize that he was 100% right. I had done 0 research beforehand as I had gone to Disneyland and Disney Studios several years ago, but my memory is vague. If I recall though, the Studios Park was a bit more fun. If you have a limited time in Paris and if you   ve been to other Disney parks, I   d recommend skipping this one. It does NOT compare to the parks in the states.We paid over $254 USD (over $120 per ticket) to attend the New Years Eve party last night and it was a total disappointment. First and foremost, entering the park was a total mess. The gate agents were totally lazy and allowed people to struggle fumble around with scanning the tickets. In total, it took us 40 minutes just to enter the park, it was an incredibly inefficient system. Unlike the parties or events in the States, nothing special or extra is included  you   re just paying a premium price to get in. The only exception to this is the parade, the parade was a special highlight reel of the best floats of 2018. This is a very nit picky comment but it would have been nice if the parade would have ended with a special float or something commemorating the party or New Years, it just seemed to end abruptly and wasn   t tied together. This was def the best entertainment of the evening  the performers were very enthusiastic. I think it was the only time I saw a smile from cast members all evening! The customer service at this park is absolutely atrocious and unacceptable. This has been a common complaint for years and they   ve done absolutely nothing to address it. 90% of the cast members look miserable at all times, they   re incredibly rude and abrupt, and a good majority stand behind the stores on Main Street chatting laughing while a few diligent workers are actually doing their jobs. It   s entirely mismanaged and poor. Part of the Disney experience is stellar customer service, when I pay a premium price, I expect to at least be treated with basic respect and a smile here and there. Many of the attractions were closed while we were there, and several of the few that were open closed at 10pm, which was unacceptable for the price we paid for the party. Especially since there was only one parade at 8:30, this forced people to choose between rides or the party entertainment. Fantasyland closed two HOURS before the fireworks so I didn   t even have a chance to walk through it. Both Frontier and Adventureland are not lit well at all, very difficult to see at night and very sparse. There isn   t the same attention to detail as there is at the US counterparts, it has really much more of a theme park vibe with the exception of Main Street USA   that is just as magical as any Disney park. Obviously all of the rides that were open had very long lines (otherwise known as queues) which is of course to be expected, it   s one of the busiest times of the year. I did not mind the lines for the rides  it is 100% to be expected. We only got to ride two rides, which was very disappointing but I am not surprised.However, the lines for absolutely everything was not acceptable as it takes away precious time from your day. Fast    casual    restaurants were incredibly inefficient and slow. We waited over 40 minutes for a hot chocolate, which just wasted the precious minimal time that we had during the party. They closed down several restaurants and only had a few open; yet I saw dozens of people SEATED eating their meal on the floor of the fast casual establishments because there was nowhere for them to sit! This is shameful, if you can   t accommodate the ticketed number of guests you need to open more establishments. I   m assuming DLP is severely understaffed. The restrooms were completely disgusting. I   ll spare you the photos, but there was toilet paper strewn about everywhere, a complete mess. You would never see this at WDW or Disneyland Anaheim.The castle illuminations and fireworks were quite good, very magical. The countdown to midnight was a bit underwhelming, the free party at the Village looked more fun.I   ve heard that Disney is going to invest over a billion dollars to make this park better. I certainly hope that is the case. Maybe I will return then. For now, I would not waste your time in Paris if you   ve had the opportunity to experience other Disney parks. If you haven   t been to Disney and don   t foresee a trip to the US anytime soon, I   d recommend going on a non peak day, and certainly not for any ticketed event like New Year   s Eve. I say this through a very critical lens because I travel to Disney parks frequently  IF I lived in Europe and didn   t have the opportunity to travel to the states, I   m sure I would still come to this park and enjoy it for what it is   just would never come back for New Year   s Eve or during any peak seasons, they   re clearly not equipped to handle it well. I am so disappointed after spending $250  for tickets, $330  for an on site hotel, and an exorbitant amount on expenses, that the party was so lackluster.Having last visited Disneyland Paris in 1999, we decided to re visit with our now grown up children. The park was really disappointing   overcrowded, with several rides closed and a distinct lack of characters walking about, The shops are so overpriced and really, it is just a huge money making experience. Glad we went back, but I wouldn   t waste money like this again.I had been here before about 17 years ago, but it seems to have gone down hill since then. It was a very average day out at best, both parks. Hardly saw any characters walking around, & we were in there for 12 hours.Definitely not a patch on the Florida one. I have taken my kids here now, so have no reason to return again.Ok, it   s everything I hate, so why did I go.It was Christmas, I wanted to feel festive, I wanted to experience what the whole world says is mind blowing.Upon arrival via taxi from Paris,    70.We wandered to the park, scanned in. Took in the splendour, of I agree it   s designed to impress, but it   s all plastic and concrete really, we went to our first ride with our fast track voucher, stupid me, I didn   t exchange it, I was rudely sent back to the gates, 10 minute walk, no one had a clue, I was sent back to the rides, I didn   t trust this do went to city hall where I have my voucher exchanged. It took an hour in total to sort my mistake!All the staff ( CAST MEMBERS) looked miserable and scruffy, the cast of the titanic looked happier in the last 20 minutes as the ship sank.The park is extremely clean, the rides are a bit low rent, don   t go for the rides, go for the shows, think of the rides as an add on.What really upset me, it   s a huge money making scam, I am ok for money but I saw some families just buying the love of there children with overpriced plastic tat.Look it   s disney, so it   s everything you expect. Just take lots of money and some Prozac. We stayed at the Disneyland hotel. Very convenient to get to the parks from there. The parks were underwhelming. Once you have been to disneyworld and Disneyland Paris is a letdown. The rides are different, and not as exciting. Price for the tickets is excessive as are the fast passes. Unless this is a Disney bucket list thing for you, don   t bother. We went on a busy Saturday before Christmas and unless you like spending the day queuing I wouldn't bother. There are not enough facilities to cater for the number of visitors. Not just queuing for rides which you expect but also to buy a drink or a snack and long waits to use the toilets. Some rides had 75minute wait times. An expensive day out to spend much of it queuing and not have enough time to go on many of the rides.We managed 6 rides, watched a parade and left the park to find lunch. Ended up in Planet Hollywood which was excellent. Had a short wait but at least we could wait in their bar in the warm with a drink.Disney needs to step up. It needs far more food outlets with plenty of staff to ensure quicker service. This includes more small kiosks. They need to all be open as well.If they put half the effort into the food retail as they do to the souvenir shops then guests would be able to have time to maximize their enjoyment.Disneyland is not a day trip and you really need to pay for two days as a minimum, take your own food and have plenty of patience.Rides were good, need a lot of patience. Family of 4 got in a combined 14 rides, ( 3.5 rides each)(3 mins each ride) waited an average of 40 minutes  ride. Figured it cost $1:00 minute for my family to be in eurodisney. ($500.  for the day).Waited 20 mins to get coffee, 35 mins to get a bite to eat etc. etc.Poor value for money because of poor organisation by Disney. Dread to think what it is like in peak periods.So had a day to kill after a week in Paris decided to check this out because it was close and it was a nice day. Not sure if this place is seasonal or not but I have to say it seemed like it was extremely short staffed. Waited in line for food and rides. How does the hot dog stand run out of hot dogs. Lucky if we got four rides in. Empty restaurants and told to come back in an hour to check still empty and still no seating. My only thought was not enough food on hand or employees to work. Overall wished I didn't go or spend the money. Would never return.Well, this is the place of love or hate. I am not exactly the hate, but what a great example of american crap.I can only describe it using comparison to the american cars.Looking flashy, big, but oh boy aren't they a pure garbage ? :)Place is ok, plenty of lovely buildings. When you walk in, it is a bit overwhelming, there seems so much to do, whereas in reality you will be walking miles and finding nothing interesting to do unless you love spending money on pricey merchandise .This meant to be the place for the children, but you need to walk great distances, cue for hours (even with fast passes), pay fortune, eat really bad food. Children are so fed up they happily give up 90 min waiting to see their favourite character. As I mentioned place is ok, but magical ? Taking the kids to the forest for a walk has more magic and there are dozens of the parks around europe who are so much more enjoyable. Perhaps this place is a victim of its own success. Even being so big it is too little for such a crowds, too much geared towards money making, yet advertised as the dreams come true.On the journey to the aiport from the hotel, there was a video on the bus TV, showing how magical the Disney Park is. I couldn't help, but smile watching this after I experienced it over four days.I have to say, there were plenty of people who were raving about it. Looking at them though, you had a feeling they just couldn't do otherwise after being wrecked and taken to the cleaners. My make up maybe faking, but my smile still stays on.Ha haLong Queue's for rides which I can except but the 1hr queue for  Fast Food  not expectable. The theme seemed to be not enough staff of concession stands. Even when we ate at the more up market restaurants (California grill and Chez Remy) we still had a good half hour wait from being seated despite having a reservation and eating the fixed menu at the California grill. For a fine dining experience not good enough in my view. This may have been a more enjoyable trip if less rides and attractions were closed for renovations. Perhaps closing one at a time instead of the five or six that were shut at the time.With only 4 people in front of us, my daughters and I waited 1hr 45 mins (!) to renew our annual passes. It was INCREDIBLY slow with only 1 2 service personal working at any time. And when there was one difficult customer who held everyone up, there was no system in place for a manager or someone else to help her on the side. Then the queues inside the park to get food were 10 20 people deep with many counters closed. We love Disney but today NOT at all a positive    Disney    experience and they really need to manage their operations better. My husband and i decided to take the Eurostar to Disney Paris. We stayed at the Disney hotel right inside the park for a two nights 3 day visit, a big mistake. This is apparently a 5* hotel. On arrival we had to check in, there were 5 check in desks and only 2 of them actually manned resulting in long queues, after waiting for over half an hour we were finally given our room keys. The room itself was fine if a little tierd. Both the room and bathroom were acceptably clean. There were tea and coffee facilities but after using the kettle once it broke and was not successfully replaced in spite of frequent requests. The food in the hotels restaurants was appalling. The breakfasts were ALL cold, piles of food of all kinds sitting on a counter with just a couple of small infra red lamps to supposedly keep it hot. In fact all the food in the hotel was uneatable. Our daughter, son in law and children stayed in the same hotel but in the more expensive Castle Suites a month previously, again they found the quality of the food uneatable. After this we decided to eat, instead, in the park. We had to queue at every single place, in McDonalds the queue was over an hour long, the other restaurants were no better, there was also nowhere to sit down as they were all so crowded. As for the rides attractions, queues again were over an hour long, sometimes two. Children we   re miserable, crying and moaning standing in these huge queues. We had fast track but only one of the attractions we wanted to visit had the fast track facility. Disney put on a fireworks display on the lake. This was a complete waste of time as everyone was herded to a place that had a huge globe in front of it completely blocking everyone   s view, utterly ridiculous. On the third day it rained heavily so we bought macs, yet again the queue was over half an hour long with only two tills working.On the plus side once we did manage to enter the attractions they were excellent, and all the Disney characters utterly charming, the shows were excellent with very talented performers, it   s such a shame that all of that was ruined by the rest of it. We would certainly never go again.We went to Disneyland specifically on friday in november, thinking it would be less crowded at that time of the year. Well it was pretty crowded anyway, most of the waiting times were between 30   60 minutes. I cannot imagine how it is in summer. We didn't manage to meet the princesses or mickey and didnt ride Pinocchio as these were 60mins  of waiting at all times and we just do not love waiting in lines. Must be even worse for children. What was really disappointing is the number of breakdowns, not only Phanton manor and the raiload was closed for refurbishment but during the day Buzz and Thunder mountain broke. We had FPs for those so we just had to throw them away.As for the disney characters there is not many at all, good luck meeting them. Except for the parade where you can see them for a few seconds.As for the staff, they did not smile at all so it seemed like they were not enjoying their work at all. As for the food there were not many lines but the food for the price was disgusting. When I buy loaded fries for 11 eur I would at least expect real guacamole, same goes for a 6 eur hot chocolate, it was just cocoa in water with a lot of sugar. I would definitely not allowed my children to eat there. The merch was also pretty overpriced (2 eur for a postcard or 10 eur for keychain?).The christmas decoration was also pretty disappointing tbh, there were some lights ans a christmas tree on the main street but not thaz much decoration around. Did not feel the christmas atmosphere.All in all I wouldnt go again at all.Every year the prices go up and makes you feel upset for having to pay 104 euros per person for a 1 day ticket!!!for 3 days 201 euros.... so 3 persons 603 euros!!!in the past you could get a new york hotel roomfor 250 euros per night with breakfast and entrance now it is more than 450...disapointementIf you have already been to Disney, this is sure to disappoint. Only 4 thrill rides (one was closed). Park is very small  we did everything in under 4 hours. If you do go, bring a lunch because food is crazy expensive and not good.Since our last visit some time ago, the whole emphasis is on making money rather than the enjoyment of the public.Generally, I found the staff rude and uninterested and there was a distinct lack of characters roaming the park since we last visited.Almost impossible to get on the rides unless you wish to wait for a very long time or get a 'fast pass'This is a bit of an oxymoron, as you still have a fairly lengthy wait time and on one day we were there, (the Friday after Halloween) they ran out of these early, so we ended up going on virtually no rides at all.The queues on Friday were absolutely ridiculous and in my opinion, they had massively oversold tickets for the park. This again, reinforces my opinion that all they are interested in is making money.The cost of food at the resort is extortionate and they are in the dark ages when it comes to dietary requirements or vegan offerings, which were non existent.I would have to think seriously about visiting again and could only recommend staying at the Disney Hotel,( where we had previously stayed) which gives you various privileges but costs a great deal more than the other hotels.In fact, you could have a family holiday in a four star hotel in Spain for two weeks compared with three days at this resort.Before entering the park we were greeted by French armed forces and police which although made you feel safe also didn   t since there was a random amount of beggars and illegal sellers of counterfeit souvenirs along with people trying to get you to give them your Disney tickets to get in (this happened a couple of times when entering and leaving). Once past security you have to walk through the Disneyland hotel which as it was raining the floor was extremely slippy and unsafe dangerous, we saw no signs telling people to be careful due to the floors and even saw someone fall and hurt themselves as a result of the water.Once up to the main entrance people were trying to use rfid cards that don   t work very well (not like Florida which has magic bands which we have never had problems with). Inside the park felt dated and disappointing and felt like an extremely cheap version of a Disney location. The queues for rides was very long and when you did get there the cast members we unhelpful, ignorant and arrogant. We paid extra to go to the Halloween 2018 event and found it disappointing, once in we were forced down a path and away from Main Street until we got to an open area which had no lights and signs so became quite lost as allot of areas were closed off at this time. We tried to walk to get to some rides and ended up walking round in circles round structures like Hyperspace mountain because of the no lights situation and lack of signs. In all the event and even normal days just felt unorganised with cast members looking at you in disgust and never smiling or being helpful. We had purchased the photo pass as part of our package however only saw a couple of character points and no photographers around, at other parks in the USA there are photographers everywhere taking pictures in notable areas that would make good memory pictures in Disneyland Paris you get none of this and it just felt like a waste of the additional    69.99. We were soo disappointed and won   t be going back to Disneyland Paris after the ignorant, arrogant and downright rude staff, it felt like you were putting them out by asking to purchase food, souvenirs or by trying to go on a ride. It felt unorganised and you didn   t know what to do or where to go most of the time. Through all our time here we just felt like we were putting them out by being in Disneyland Paris, I couldn   t tell people to ever go as it was just disappointing and we came away feeling like we had wasted a huge amount of money.Myself and my partner have dreamt for years of coming to Disneyland Paris together for Halloween. We are a young hard working couple and saved for over a year to be able to afford our dream trip. We booked the full Disney package in August 2018 (flights, magical shuttle, hotel, park tickets and full board dining plan) and couldn't wait to arrive for Halloween week.The problems started the second we landed at Paris CDG Airport when our not so  magical shuttle  bus was no where to be found. After waiting an hour outside the airport at the shuttle stop, we decided to ring the hotel (Disney Santa Fe) to find out where it was. It was only at this point we were informed that the shuttle stopped at 8pm (which makes me think why did they allow us to book and pay for this, knowing our flight arrived after this time). The hotel assured us they would fully refund our taxi when we arrived   which cost 64euros. Turns out we had to file for a refund request which can take 15 working days to get a response from. As we were on the full board dining plan, we only brought 80euros with us as extra spends for shops etc. This therefore left us with 16euros for the next 4 days.It was 10pm when we arrived at our hotel. Luckily the canteen was open until 10.30pm, so we were able to pop in for a bite to eat with our dining plan. When checking in, we were told all blocks had coffee and vending machines, however once we got to our room, they were all 'out of order', and remained that way for the entire stay.On our first morning we decided to visit the Disneyland Parc, all in all we had a fairly enjoyable day. However the hyperinflation of guests was unbareable to say the least. Queue times were ridiculous, with some being up to 90 minutes long for a 2 minute ride. Throughout the day me and my partner ate exactly the same meal until the evening when we ate at the Hukuna Matata restaurant. I had the meatballs, and he had chicken strips. All seemed fine at the time until the next morning when he became incredibly ill, from what seems to be minor food poisoning. This set us back for our entire 2nd day (Halloween).In the evening of Halloween, my parter decided some fresh air might do him some good, so we headed down to the Disneyland Parc to try and enjoy the halloween party   the one thing we came to experience. Once we got to the gates we showed our Magic Pass, only to be DENIED ACCESS! Not once were we informed that this was an additional expense and we could not enter the park without a prepaid wristband. We were then forced to spend the entire evening sat in our hotel room.We can't comment on the price of food as we were full board, however we have seen many families have to pay out over 80euros for a few sandwiches and drinks.We haven't had any issues with the staff, and were actually susprised at how accomodating they are to English guests. We are writing this whilst sat in the hotel room on our 3rd day. We did go into the Disneyland Parc this morning however we just had to leave due to the amount of people they had managed to cram in through the gates. There was no chance of getting on any ride without having to queue for over an hour in the rain. We even had to queue to leave the park!All in all it feels that the individual is not valued in Disney anymore. It just seems to be about getting as many people in and making as much money as possible. I think old Walt Disney himself would be looking down in dissapointment.Looking forward to going home tomorrow!Expensive queuing? Well, as it is expensive to get in and you are prepared to spend 90 minutes in a queue, the chances of getting onto many rides   see the characters is remote. Tips1. Get there at 9.45 am to get in for the 10.00am entry.2. Plan which rides   characters you want to see before hand3. Include a 'Fast Pass' in your ticket price and get to the attraction asap   when you book, you are likely to have to come back in 90 min but it will cut your time down queuing. However, it is unlikely you will get on more than 3 fast track rides in a day because of how this is set up by Disneyland4. Bring in a pack lunch   prices are exorbitant and the quality is poor by French standards.5. Bring a small foldable stool   the queuing times will mean that you will appreciate it6. Where good footwear   you will need this because of the distances you will be walking7. Get to the midday and evening parades at least 20 minutes early   they are worth seeing but difficult from the back!8. If you are a 'fast ride' person, ignore the dated rides eg a 'Big Thunder Mountain'9. If you do not mind dated rides, then this Parc is for you!Overcrowded, smokers everywhere, 90 mins wait for each ride even with fast pass which closed at mid day as it was so busy. Cast members choosing rightly to see only the disabled kids which I totally agree with but other children are excited too..Walt would not be happy with this version of Disneyland.  People smoking everywhere, people rude, pushing in lines, cast members not interested at all in helping people cant say I felt any Disney Magic here....My husband is a Disney phile. So we excitedly rode the RER out here. It was small, but we expected that. What we did not expect was how run down it was   how many rides kept breaking down over and over and over (took 3 tries to get onto Ratatouille   our main reason for going there!). The stores are WAY OVERPRICED and very small   could not believe how tiny the World of Disney was! Very limited sizes in merchandise. And they were out of buttons! You know, the buttons you get to celebrate a birthday, or first visit, etc. That was one of the 2 main souveneirs I wanted from France   that and a Disneyland Paris sweatshirt. I came home with neither. Surprisingly how few employees speak reasonable English compared to the rest of the country.Went to Disneyland Paris with the children and grandchildren for a few days. Turned out not only to be half term in the UK but also in Holland and France so the park was understandably full. Nevertheless, at least three major rides (key ones you looked forward to) were out of action (technical problems. renovations etc  why, during the busiest time?). Queuing times were anywhere between 60 and 90 minutes. On one full day we actually managed to get three attractions in, despite having purchased Fastpasses (the Fastpass option is a waste of money, it does not work and shouldn   t be on offer). The rides for smaller children were also affected by large queuing times (ok it was half term), however waiting for 40 minutes for a one minute ride is ridiculous. The turnaround times between these rides was longer than the rides themselves. Queuing times to to see the Disney characters was 2 3 hours each but we toughed it out for the sake of the children. Hardly any seating availability in the park, and when, only for smokers. Water fountains to refill bottles hardly available. Toilets generally filthy. The real Disney atmosphere was not there, it was a slog, what a shame.Cost vs offering is unfortunately way out of proportion. I wouldn   t go back. Better to save up and go to Disney USA where service attitude still prevails.We went during October 2018 half term for 3 days and oh dear it was so frustrating . Basically the place was over capacity yet they were still selling more tickets to let more people in .. more people than park facilities could handle and it was chaos , , I was expecting that the park will be busy , but there should at least be some limit on how many people can practically park can handle , this made experience for little kids very stressful . Teenagers and adults seems to be dealing with it fine but queuing for a 2 minute ride for over 60 minutes was frustrating for little ones . It was my second visit and it will be my my visit , DLP may have their marketing strategy but I have learned my lesson , never again ..Very desapointed. For start the french cashier very rude. discouraged organizers, where was the Disney spirit? Even when they tried to make that jokes nobody laugh. We have been more than 4 times to Disneyworld and it  s vey diferent, lines, atracttions bronken, they rarely use single rider even when seats were empty. It  s like The employess don  t care at all if things are working or not. Restaurants closed, lines and problems with cashier twice in one day.Dont waste your time going to Disney Paris.Years ago, as a child, I was taken to Disneyland Florida. I loved it.Now, as a father, I took my 2 children to Disneyland Paris. They loved it . I hated it.Disney does have magic about it. In the same way a cultist has an influence over its members.You will see grown adults dressed head to toe in very expensive Disney related tat. People will scream with delight at their first sight of the famous castle (which is tiny once you reach it) on the horizon.You will have to queue for everything. Queue to go on a ride or queue to get a fast pass to then queue for a slightly shorter time, queue to use the horrid pee drenched toilets, queue to sit, queue to see a rarely seen Disney character on site.All rides require queuing alongside aggressive Gauls for around an hour for the 2 minutes of fun, sometimes longer.That famous Gallic arrogance is shown by the fact that they openly smoke everywhere.Disney appear to not want its cash cow clients to congregate anywhere other than at it   s horrendously expensive shops as there is little to no seating on site.Food is generally poor fast food junk and also sold at exorbitant prices. Don   t forget that you will have to queue to eat.The Disneyland Paris Village, which is a collection of shops and eateries, reminded me of the tired shopping area in Basingstoke but with a Disney skin.The whole experience was, for me, horrific but the kids loved it.And that is what matters. Isn   t it?By comparison with its original in Orlando this is amateurish.1. Ticket booths with insufficient staff or not opened;2. Rides closed during Halloween;3. Inefficient processes to place food orders (Toad Hall   45 min wait with 6 people in queue!!)4. Two rides break down and evacuated on same day (in addition to  2 above;5. Smoking unchallenged throughout the park;6. Shops with no air conditioning and stifling hot;The Disney Corporation should review the management of this venue.40 70 minutes of queues for 5 10 mins of fun or lunch. Oh wow 60 mins to queue up for a picture with Mickie too.  Don   t come during school holidays. It   s a big waste of money and time.I expected the prices to be high and queues to be long but not to the extent it was.Most queues were an average of 1 hour, even for small rides. The queues were along the street as there was not enough room for the amount of people. I don't think disney should let so many people in the park at once. If you have been to Orlando disney, I would not reccommend trying Paris.Our grandaughter loved the magic and we made sure that she enjoyed her first ever trip abroad. Yes, we knew that it was going to be exensive and we were prepared for that. What we did not expect was the lack of customer care when things were not as they should have been. A worrying aspect was that the pool at the New York Hotel was not suitable for young (or old) novice swimmers as it was the same depth throughout. We have let Eurodisney Paris know about our concerns, not to seek any financial redress, but to make them aware of the our numerous concerns. Despite sending our letter in August, we have not had a written response. Again, a customer service issue.We visited the DLP park in August 2018. The experience was mixed. Unfortunately for us, it was a very hot day and this attracted the crowds. The crowds really marred the experience for me. Compared to the previous day at Walt Disney Studios, which was not as crowded, this was much less fun. At the Studios, the weather was overcast, so perhaps that played a part, but in general the studios is less crowded than the main park, I believe. In the studios, you can book to see characters online via the Lineberty app, which has its problems, but we managed to book three character visits with it. In contrast, you have to queue in DLP park to see the characters. We queued for over an hour to see Aladdin and Princess Jasmine in the searing heat. On to the queues. The big rides had queues of between 1 2 hours. Big thunder mountain was over 2 hours at one stage. Even the small rides had long queues. It   s a small world was 45minutes! Now imagine standing in the blazing hot sun for an hour with irritated kids for an hour, queuing for a 2 minute ride. It   s madness. Disney really need to limit the numbers coming into the park. I know we came in the summer holidays, but I didn   t think it would be this bad. Even just walking around the park was a challenge   it was so busy. You had to wait ten minutes just for a picnic table to become available! The toilets couldn   t cope. If you were female, it was about a 30min wait to use the toilet. I witnessed females going into the mens    toilets, the wait was so bad. The mens    toilets were in a foul state, water on the floor and many toilets blocked. Not a nice experience for adults or children.What rides we did go on, the kids enjoyed, but most of our day was spent battling queues in the heat. Not a good day out.With a week of Paris and sightseeing, we decided to surprise our little one with a day trip to Disneyland Paris. In summary: really not worth the visit, your money, or your time.I was prepared for the cigarette smoke from reading various reviews   there was a lot of smoke (and a lot of smoking stations). What I was not prepared for was the    meh    attitude throughout the park. It certainly didn   t feel like the happiest place on earth and felt more like life was on pause and everything was passing by! From the ride operators, to the restaurant workers, to the gift shop stores... no one smiled, no one greeted you, and certainly no one helped you! There was even a person handing out candy, but he was being selective as to what kids would get it and he was actually being rude! Our child was terrified to ask for the candy. It was the strangest experience I have ever witness at a place that is suppose to be geared towards kids and families and FUN! Then to leave an even more sour taste.... when we got back to our hotel in Paris (45min train ride), we noticed that the 60Euro plushie we bought had a 3inch rip on one of the legs. We reached out to Disney Paris   s twitter help account. They did respond quickly, but with a    fill out this form   . Once you fill out the form, you get an automated response that it will take up to 15  days for them to respond. Here I was thinking Disney is Disney is Disney... and they would courier a replacement to our hotel (and pick up the damaged one) before we leave, but I was SO VERY WRONG. This is not the Disney World service we are used to! It   s been several days since we reported our damaged item and there has been nothing but crickets. We even tried the Disney Store in Paris, but the store said it   s a separate company and they can not help other than give us paperwork to fill out and for us to ship the product back (at our expense) and wait for a refund. Whaaaat? Such a sour taste left our mouths with this crappy experience.Needless to say, those who only know Disneyland Paris and eventually visit make a visit to Florida   s Disney World must have their minds blown because Disney World is a complete 180 from the Paris    meh    park!!Very long lines to buy outrageously overpriced lie quality food. Lunch will easily take an or of your day. The average line for attractions is 45 minutes. The rides themselves are good, like in any Disneyland park worldwide. Tickets are around     48 each, so at the end of the day each ride costed you    10 and one hour. Worth it? You decide.My wife is a Disney nut! She loves everything Disney and when an opportunity arose to go we took it! She never wants to go back now! There were a handful of rides closed. Biggest disappointment though was the parade! Everybody sat along the route as we   ve seen a dozen times in Disneyworld but when the parade started the front row stood up!! So now everybody sitting behind them all had to stand too! Idiot adults standing and blocking the view of little kids and people in wheel chairs! It wasn   t necessary to stand! Everybody could see when sitting! BRUTAL!!! We were impressed though with Its a Small World ride, well done!! The best part of this experience is that my wife will never bug me to go to Disneyland Paris again!!!My daughter and I went to Disneyland Paris with our kids. We booked the Newport Bay . The first surprise was that breakfast was a 15 min. walk away.The hotel was halfboard and we had expected to eat in the hotel. We were wrong .When we finaly found where to eat, we had to wait in line for 30 min. to get an unhealthy    poorly    prepared a hospital food in a paper box. The staff everywhere in a park was incredibly slow. If you want to buy drink, eis cream, souvenir  line,line,lineFor every attraction you have to wait 40 75 min. for 5 10 of fun. The so called    fast pass    was not fast at all.To get lunch was another nightmare. When we finaly run into a restaurant that wasn   t packed, it cost 150,  Euros for 2 gnocchi portion and 2 kids hamburgers, 2 coffes and a bottle of water. It was robbery. When we ask to consierge to make reservation for next day, they said that it wasn   t possible, everything was full.The kids were dreaming about meeting all the Disney characters in the park. Only way to meet one was to wait in line more then one hour in the hotel.Only thing we took from this experience was have to wait in lines.We paid 2000,  Euros for 4 nights with half board and park admission for 2 adults and 2 children. I really regret wasting the money on a such nightmare.After 3 days of diasappoitment I was completly deflated and exhausted.If you do not have the money to waste, don   t!!!!!!! go to Disneyland Paris.Rude staff, overpriced and too busy. Go to Florida or some other park.  Queuing for everything and not one staff member apologised.The park is out of this world it   s clean tidy they put on amazing shows and the characters are friendly, this place is a very good place to be however, you go to get food, drink maybe a ice cream be prepared to wait a long time, I have never seen anything as slow as the French people serving, ice cream (scoops) into a cone we were in a cue for 30 mins,the cues are out the door, same for dinner, tea, there is no urgency to do anything, there are 2 staff serving 4 watching, it really does ruin your day when you are just waiting, the cues for the rides are standard 45mins to 1 1 2 hours and Disney meet and greet the characters are brilliant when you get there, we cues for an hour and 20 mins, with 2 kids bored hot fed up, Disney need to speed it up, but again it   s slow service all over the park, I would recommend this park if you like cues and would like to waste your time as that   s all you do, more urgency needed, From the magic bus driver to the hotel and park staff I have to say I was utterly shocked by their attitudes and the fact that they were just utterly rude! They weren   t helpful in any way and for me it just ruined the experience! I didn   t think that the rides were great! Definitely in need of an update! Over priced and poor experience I say! Wouldn   t go again! Even my 4 year old was unimpressed!...too many  technical problems , far too long queues, and far too few landmark rides for older children.After our visit I wrote to Disney:Dear Sirs,Having had the misfortune to visit Disney Paris last Friday, I would like to know how you consider the experience anything other than poor.My daughter (aged 12) and I arrived just after 10.00am. We made our way to the Thunder Mountain ride. By the time we reached it , it was already a 45 minute wait. Next we made our way to the Indiana Jones ride. It was closed due to technical problems. Over to the Hyperspace Mountain, to find it closed. Back to Thunder Mountain, where it was now a 75 minute wait, so we tried our luck at Indiana Jones again. Still a technical problem, but luckily resolved soon after we arrived. On to the Pirates, where we waited an hour. Back to Hyperspace Mountain, but still down. After four hours in your park we had managed only three rides!Your fast pass was virtually useless, as the times quickly extended so far that closing time would probably have arrived sooner.We decided to try Thunder Mountain again, and after more than 60 minutes of waiting, when we were within sight of boarding, it developed a  technical problem , and we all had to be  evacuated . When I asked a member of staff what the problem was, and how soon it might be resolved, I was told that the problem was that the guests were not entering and leaving the ride quickly enough, and that this had caused a shut down. So your  technical problem  was our fault! An hour of waiting for absolutely nothing. The waiting time on this ride, when it started again, ran out to 115 minutes: and that was the optimistic figure on your sign, which all invariably underestimated the actual waiting time! The  fast pass  time was already showing 9.30pm.On our fourth visit to Hyperspace Mountain we did actually find it operating, and managed only a 45 minute wait as individual riders. No second ride though, because it soon was out of action again. We did manage a second trip on the Pirates ride, and another three on Indiana Jones, before finally giving up as 10.00pm approached. So in 12 hours, with no break for refreshments, we had achieved a grand total of EIGHT RIDES. That's roughly 90 minutes of our time for each three or four minutes of entertainment.My daughter commentated that much was made of the  girly  princesses, but little of the less stereotypical ones (Moana, Mulan and Pocahontas), and very little in similar vein for boys. She wanted to visit the Pocahontas play area to see what it was like, but it too was closed, for no obvious reason. We tried to use the railway, but it closed early.Either you need to admit fewer guests, or provide more landmark rides, and seriously reduce the amount of down time due to technical problems. At present I could not recommend Disney Paris to anyone, and feel that the experience is very poor value, not just for money, but also of our time.Regards,RESPONSE: NONEHi. Me and my mum went to disneyland for her birthday and we were very excited. When we got there we went to studios because they close more earlier and we got there when it opened so we wanted breakfast... 45 minutes it took to get a drinks and a meal!! The queues were ridiculous and there needs to be more signs to toilets and stuff. In the daytime aswell it seemed so busy that one of the rides broke down aswell... we went and spent 2 hours waiting for the shell nemo ride thing and I hated it! There needs to be more rides which have fastpasses because there were only like 3 rides which had them and they were shut!! Last thing about the studios is that we went to magic kingdom to see the parade and stuff then we went back to studios cuz I wanted to do some sorta drawing and they had no wait times and they closed 2 hours before studios closes! People were dead rude aswell by not saying thank you and pushing around. We went to the eiffel tower after and no one was like that... kinda a rip off how it's do expensive aswell... When it hit dusk it wasn't as busy so we went to its a small world and it was perfect for me and small kids!!! There need to be more of that stuff... I'm in that situation that I'm too old for kids stuff and too young for the proper rides... all of france in fact was a rip off cuz in the airport all the vending machines were not working and just took our money!!! It was awesome walking through a cave with a dragon and another retelling aladins story in adventureland at night. Magic kingdom closes at 11pm and doesn't tell us it starts the firework show then aswell... we needed to go like 10 mins after if started to get the last bus to the hotel... we waited 1 hour for this and there needs to be more fastpasses and more information about things!!!We stayed at the Newport hotel and visited for 4 days. The hotel was fine, very basic but did the job for what you need it for. The character meet and greets were a good touch even if they queues were quite long.The disappointment was the park   it   s not fair comparing it to USA Disney but it falls so far short it   s incredible. We came for meet and greet with Captain America which relies on an App to book....it is impossible to book anything on the app. So basically, the feature attraction is unattainable. Complaints about this are dismissed by customer service staff out of hand. In general staff are not Disney standard   very little is done to answer questions or deal with issues and there is certainly no evidence of going above and beyondThe choice of attraction is ok, though availability of Fast Pass is poor. It is employed on some attraction when not needed and is missing on others where it would be useful.Falls well below what I perceive the Disney experience to beIt was our first time visit of disneyland. the decoration, the atmosphere and the characters seems to be you are in your fairytale. The roller coasters and machines with full entertainment BUT there are too many guests and you have to wait for everything. If you dont have fast pass, you have to wait minimum 40 60 min. for a single ride. If you want to eat something you have to wait, if you want to shop yes you have to wait! You can not take a photo with your favorite character because there are huge lines and characters are not there everytime.You can check the line times from the applications but because of the crowd you got exhausted.But the prade show and end show is hilarious.Not for adults: if you do not like children please think again for disneyland :)they are everwher with screams:)The whole resort is looking it   s age (25years) and needs updating, overhauling and needs to ensure it remains a place to visit. Long queues at peak season are inevitable but two major rides were closed resulting in long queues at every ride and even the ticket office only opened three booths resulting in long lines before you even get in! The restaurants offer the same fare of fast food. Come on Disney wake up! Offer more choice and keep the prices reasonable.    16 for one rib, one sausage and a small piece of chicken with 17 chips adds up for six of us! But the choice is always limited to hotdogs, burgers, wings and fries! Why?? (A sign the management are happy with their avaricious style and not listening to what the other public need and want). A small bottle of water is    3.19. Frankly disgraceful. Overall the rides are past their sell by date with our 8 year old , asking who? What? Never heard of it! Would we go again? No. I suggest saving and going to Florida. It   s worn better. It   s cleaner and you don   t feel that you are getting ripped off. The parade was worth staying for though(1) Unlike the US Disney Parks, you can bring food here. Do it! Seriously, the food options in the park are limited to junk and very few restaurants cafes were open, even on a Saturday. On a Saturday, at 18:00, the large cafe by Space Mountain had two lines open... during dinner. Oh, one line was cash only and the other credit with no signs posted. (2) Prepare kids for disappointment temper expectations. This park    looks Disney great    but many rides were out of order. On August 18, Thunder Mountain closed from opening until 15:00. Pirates shut down after waiting an hour in line. Space Mountain, Tower of Terror were down for at least two hours. Haunted Mansion was closed. The Indiana Jones ride might actually be the worst ride I have ever gone on. Not exaggerating: There was nothing even close to relate it to Indiana Jones. It is a very painful coaster that circles around a poorly decorated temple. That   s it. There aren   t that many rides in the park, so you wonder what you are paying for.With that said, Pirates, Ratatouille, Crush, and Space Mountain all were great! Spend more time on those. (3) Be prepared for Richard Craniums who smoke vape throughout the park even though there are smoking areas and signs posted not to do so everywhere. Watching adults hide their cigs like they were 13 year olds in school is embarrassing. Btw: there are very few workers throughout the park itself. So, no one around to say anything to them.(4) If doing a day trip from Paris like we did, you   ll be getting up early and traveling at least an hour each way. Every day at a Disney day is exhausting, but this one was more so. My son and I only made it to about 18:00. My wife and two other kids were back to the hotel by 21:00. If I could do all over again, I might make this the last day of a trip, stay at a Disney hotel, and head directly to airport next day. In fairness, my kids had a lot of fun but all agreed without prompting that this park is nowhere close to what is in California or Orlando. As many people have said, there is less attention to quality and detail and seems more like a money grab. I will be back to Paris but this park. I will say though that every worker was very helpful, smiling, and went out of their way to enhance the stay. Total nonsense prices of the tickets if we consider the service provided.Very long lines to each entertainment for a 2 3 minutes joy.Hard Core price of the food to say the least. Scheme of the fast past tickets with the park hotel guests at least questionable.When you visit you understand the brutal profit of this company.Magic in their pockets.What can I say,overcrowded , 80 min wait on most things,3 breaking down,it   s even hard work getting a coffee or soft drink,never have I experienced such poor stds for a Disney ParkDo not come here unless you really have to,save you   re money and go to Florida,there   s no comparisonVery disappointing attitude. I visited the park with my wife and 3 teens last wednesday (8 8 18). Got a disabled pass of the highest degree since I am...hmmm...disabled. After four hours in the park, while exiting the Buzz lightyear ride, my left knee got slammed hard against the ride   s troley. I suffered pains in my knee which slowed us all down, and for the rest of the day I mostly sat down, and we all missed the disney studios park which we also bought tickets to. Bit there   s more.At evening time when it was really blue and swollen and aching, I went to the park   s infirmary and they treated me the best they could. I thought that disney will assume responsibility, But oh How I was wrong. When we asked the park to let us revisit the Disney studios park later this week (didn   t ask our money back, didn   t say we will sue or anything, just to come back at a later day) we were absolutely shocked to Their refusal. The reason: it took me too long to come and see the doctor (a whole 3 hours or so) after the incident. So, hey, what do you think about that?Son loved it. I hated it. Euros 3.5 for small bottle of water, 4 for a soft drink, queue, queue, queue, water fountains not working. Queue for rides for ages then technical difficulty so shuts. Rides frequent technical problems. Food overpriced and not much selection. Would not return unless i have to!1  price is highly expensive 2  shows are limited, mostly you get in a raw for 1 hour ! to take a pic w  Mickey or peter pan or whoever !! Also u have to pay for the pic . 3 No much fun games , mostly for kids under 12 , otherwise boring . 4 The park has no much attractive places , you can walk only .If u want to have really fun ? And forget ur self w  the games and shows and pay reasonable ticket ? Go to the Europa park , even the app for it better than the Disney app hundred of time . I gave the 2nd star for the fireworks otherwise 1 star is more than enough . This was my 8th visit over a period of 20 years due to having children Of diffent age groups (not that I needed an excuse to go there!), it my Families favorite place in th world since and this year was the 25 year anniversary of the park and we were all excited BUT I have to say it was disappointing!!!The place have not been updated for many years, yes a few rides here and there, but you can see it is old, outdated, cracking and in need of a major overhaul. All rides still on old technology, none of the modern comfort facilities, the sad issues faced 20 years ago got worse.Here is a list of some of the issues we faced that spoiled the magic.1. Many rides breakdown repeatedly throughout the day and you have to leave after being in line for 40 minutes, and you have to keep monitoring the place till they fix it , examples, Big thunder mountains, Tower of Terror, space mountain, and even some of the live shows....2. Some of the rides are really old and should be removed, like Aremegodon, it is an absolute waste of time, 3. Most of th outdoor shows is a mess, no clear sitting areas, children don   t have a good view and they have absolutely no Magic in them!!,4. There are no heat beating facilities, like cold vapor or mist that you see in other parks, and even drinking water fountain are a few with long lines 5. Buying stuff is a nightmare, There are many scattered kiosks, but whoever priced the items should be fired... items like water, coke, ice cream are priced like 3.79, 2.27, 3.34...etc, and the poor attendant does everything manually with a tiny calculator, and while he serves the customer in 20 seconds, he spends th next 3 minutes in calculation the amount and counting carnage manually, assuming he has all th change. This cause queues as long as 30minutes to buy abs ice creams 6. To be able to watching the parades or fireworks properyl, you have to sit on the floor , 1.5 to 2 hours ahead of th events with the children and when it starts, you have people jumping over you and the arguments starts, with no organizer to be seen. You would think after 25 years, the would find a better way!Every trip cost 3000 4000 pounds since we always stay a few days in th Disney hotels, by it seems we will spend this money somewhere else next year, somewhere where they care.ADisneyland Paris is beautiful, has excellent attractions, it's easy to get to from Disneyland from Paris (but expensive) and the staff is friendly. But goodness me, there are queues everywhere !! When we visited the waiting time for a ride with the train was 120 minutes   just to give an example. The queues to buy ice creams, for the restaurants, merchandise, the toilets   queues everywhere. The capacity of the Park was just so overstretched that I doubt that we will ever return to what is in fact a beautiful park.We had very high expectations about this park being a children's dream that could become true.But we have to say that there are theme parks much better than disneyland and at a more affordable price.We are still crying for all the money we had to save to spend for this holiday because it wasn't worth it.The sets are beautifully designed, it seems to be in a dream.There is a lot to see but little to interact with. A lot of attractions were closed for refurbishment and others had to be closed on the day for faults.Every time we were queuing we were hoping to make it till the end before they would declare the attraction was faulty.Talking about queues, for every attraction you queue at least an hour. At the end of the day we were knackered.At the studios there is more fun than at the park.The staff is rude, especially the French staff. At the Armageddon attraction all people were silenced by the person that was explaining the attraction. A bored lazy girl that shocked everybody when screamed out loud to shut up.Another girl at Peter pan also shouted to my friend to sit down. My friend was asking if he could sit at another carriage not to feel uncomfortable. She silenced him and ordered to sit down. Wow!If you want to hug or just take a picture with your favourite Disney figurine, you have to queue. Long queues. We thought it was possible to see them walking freely in the park. Forget about it.We don't recommend it. Watch the Disney movies and cartoons and the magic will be enough.A lot of attractions are old.The attractions we appreciated were: ratatouille, the Hollywood hotel tower, the stuntman show, the mine train. Where do I start? No atmosphere, staff indifferent, like alton towers at three times the cost. No magic whatsoever. Extortionate costs even by Florida Disney standards. Save your money and go to Florida. Won   t ever visit here again. I accept it   s a smaller less pazzazz version, but below mediocre.   54 for an all you can eat buffet for one adult and a 6 year old can never be right?? I don   t mind paying through the nose if it   s better thana meal at Asda   s Cafe!! I could go on but I won   t!Lacking the ambiance of Disneyland, not to mention most of the iconic rides. So many other beautiful places to visit in and around Paris, skip thisWent here with better anticipation. Probably my own fault for coming during tue summer holidays. All my daughters wanted to do was meet a princess. Could not happen unless we stood for over an hour and half. For 3 4 yr olds that is not practical. I advise for the princess pavilion they do a tickets service like toon house in Disney Studios. Rides were very poor for the time waited, example 45 mins for peter pan and then having my 4 year old quoting that it was too short and boring, Having visited DisneyWorld Florida I will not waste my money on this establishment ever again. I would rather fly to the USA for the weekend then come back to France. Standard rude French staff but not all. Food Drinks price to be expected, people smoking everywhere and security just allowing it. This was more like two days of hell then two days of Fun. Save your money snd fly to USA.Very expensive once your in the park , there is not enough food stands and restaurants the queues for restaurants are very longThe ticket price is way more expensive than the entertainment offered. Unfortunately, 90% of the time I was there was spent in queues and less than 10% of the time was spent in the actual roller coasters, thus having to wait 40 or 60 minutes in the queue for a less than 2 minute ride. All the restaurants closed at 2:30 p.m. (14:30) and reopened at 7:00 p.m. (19:00), so, unless you have lunch until 2.30 p.m. your only eating options will be sandwiches or hotdogs. I chose hotdogs, and the staff was moving very slow, the food was expensive and it wasn   t very good either.There are only 4    big thrill    rides, and the other rides seemed quite boring, but the queues lasted from 30 to 60 minuets for any of them, regardless of how they are classified.Overall I had a very poor experience for which I had to pay 63   , and will surely never return ever again.I am truly so sad to be writing this, I   ll start by saying I saved for months to take my children here to this magical place it claims to be not for just children but people of all ages. We went for my daughters 9th birthday myself and my 2 children, one of 9 and one of 2. We arrived at 11am both dressed for the occasion (Disney characters) queued over 1 and half hours to get to the front of the 1st ride and be told it was closed due to technical issues to them go to a second ride and que for 35 minutes for the same thing to happen again and to be honest there was about 6 rides not running, then try and meet some characters 1st was belle 2nd was tigger to be told they are going on a break, honestly myself and my children walked and waited for hours I cried to my daughter saying how sorry I was that her birthday had ended up so bad I felt awful, there was nothing magical at all about this day. We then waited for the parade which really did cheer us up as I got us to the front and made sure they knew it was her birthday they did make a fuss as they went past but apart from this the park was way too, pure greed to let so many in took the shine off everything. I will never save so much money again and come here. I   m just so glad our hotel was amazing (Vienna dream house castle) or out holiday would of been one big flop. I really hate to write a bad review but I feel other people should know what they are going intoWe always go back to childhood whenever we walk into the park. We love it and love the ambiance. But it is like a magical world with all expected creatures, except for the fact that the trolls and vilains are often found in the form of staffs (attraction controllers, queue organisers for photos with characters especially). They never fail to make all the magic go with their rudeness and inappropriateness and racism, and often need to be reminded to care (though they don   t care at all)Extremely disappointing from this aspectThe solution to avoid queues is to book a super expensive room or suite in Disneyland Hotel to obtain the VIP Fast Pass.The park is well maintained and clean, and most of the staff is helpful. That   s the positive side.The rest is rubbish. If you go, bring a lot of patience. You have to stand in line everywhere. If you want to have your picture taken with one of the famous Disney princesses, wait for 60 min. If you want to go on a ride, wait another 60 min. If you want something to eat, wait in line for 30 min. When we left people were taking seats waiting for the parade 45 min later. My kids (5 and 8) were very disappointed. We managed 3 rides during the 6.5 hours we spend there. I   d say the time spend was divided into 3 hours of waiting time, 1 hour of sitting down eating, 2.15 hours walking and 15 min ride. The fast pass is a joke, we got a time slot 4.5 hours later and by that time we were long gone.Don   t bother, I for sure won   t be coming back!The most important thing to note is that I grew up going to Florida Disney 2 or 3 times a year. I have also been to California Disney a few times, so I cant help but compare. I feel like this trip was a waste of money in all honesty. We went in April and did the trip  on the cheap  I suppose. We took a national express coach from London to Paris overnight and it was such a time and money saver. We got to paris about 6am and the coach was comfortable enough to sleep, obviously a bit disruptive to have to get off at customs Eurotunnel but other than that, pleasant. The round trip was only   100 total for 2 people which was a total deal. The train to disney was something like 15 euros total from Gare de Lyon, which we walked to from the station. As you can imagine we got to Disney well before parks opened. The few shops restaurants there were pretty rubbish options. We had McDonalds for breakfast. When we got into the studios park, Tower of Terror and Indiana Jones were clsed for the day. Aerosmith wasn't as good as Orlando. Over at the disney park, we had an alright day, watched one parade, Space Mountain was really good actually. The Ratatouille ride was brilliant. Lunch was awful  not enough options, we wanted to eat a restaurant but only 2 were open and not good choices, so ended up having a crappy hot dog. We left the park by 4pm because the day jsut wasnt going well. Our trip to Paris in general wasn't great but honestly, if its feesable for you, save your money and go to Orlando  that is the disney that I know and love.Visited Disney Paris and what a waste of time and money. If I knew I would be wasting our time at this resort I would have spend my money on something else.We stood in lines for ever and ever. I think 90% of the day was spent queing. Everything, and I mean everything, was in French. Yes it is their official language but there were people from all over the world and you would think they will at least try an international language like English. In Hong Kong they do it, why not in France?WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT. An ABSOLUTE waste. They will never see us again.Had to wait almost 2 hours at check in, in 35 degree heat, with not as much as a bottle of water or an apology from anyone. Not a great start to a    magical    holiday. Prices in parks are ridiculous. Over   3 for a bottle of water is just robbery. Air conditioning in room is poor and everytime someone opened the door to your hotel building your door would click. The kids love it though so you grin and bear it.You get the impression they couldn   t care though about your opinion as they have another set of unsuspecting tourists ready to go all over again every day. Shame though as could be so much better Our trip to Disneyland Paris is as one might expect: fun rides with excessive queues but plenty of spills and thrills, well worth waiting an hour, sometimes more, to get on. No positive surprises, unfortunately, but plenty of negative ones. Food and beverage prices are astronomical. Maybe not such a surprise that prices were high but the scale of the    daylight robbery    was. The worst surprise was the absolutely appalling customer service throughout the park, the worst of which we experienced at the American Diner. We were ignored upon arrival and seated some five minutes later. The choice was minimal, each of us taking a burger. The order took a very long time to arrive after at least a couple of reminders to staff. Other customers who ordered after us has almost finished their food before ours arrived. My son   s burger was raw in the middle. Our complaint was met with laughter and a patronising comment from a waitress. She said she   d have another prepared. We said we   d not wait another thirty minutes for another burger but were prepared to pay for the acceptable sandwiches, not the raw one. She declined, saying our order was already in the till and laughed. We had to wait at least a further ten minutes while she made a call to resolve the issue. In the end, we paid for the three burgers which were properly prepared and not the underdone one. All this, in an overheated space with flies buzzing around. I sought out a bag for a relative in one of the larger shops. I showed a woman at a till an image of the piece I   d like. She told me that if it wasn   t in the store, they didn   t have it. I asked, if it was in the store, where might it be. She said she didn   t know. It could be anywhere. Dreadful. Everything else was quite nice. My boys  8 and 11 years old  have been to Universal Studios in LA, Legoland in San Diego and Singapore but never Disneyland. We thought Disneyland Paris would be the best amusement park given the history and brand name. We were quite disappointed that many of the  Big Thrills  rides such as Pirates of the Caribbean, Phantom Manor, Twilight Zone Tower of Terror and RC racer were closed. There were 4  Big Thrills  rides at Disneyland and half of them were closed. The situation was the same with Walt Disney Studios. Disneyland Paris management didn't communicate that many of the  Big Thrill  rides were closed in the guide nor in the app. The app also did not communicate the correct wait time. We waited for over an hour plus for the Toy Solider Parachute Drop but the app said 15 minutes. The good things about the park were easy to get to via RER A and fast past. Anyways, Disneyland management could do better in communication and offering discounts when many of the rides were closed. If you are looking for  Big Thrills  rides try Universal Studios in Los Angeles. We had a great time there!It   s Disneyland. kids love it. Enjoyed the rides. We had one big problem. We went there for our daughter birthday and we made a reservation to have lunch with the Disney princesses. When we went to check in at the restaurant there was no reservation (we called three times in two weeks to make sure the reservation was done and specifically made sure it was for the princesses lunch). Of course they made it for the Disney characters lunch which is outside the Park. We had a really bad time at the restaurant check in counter. In the end after one hour of arguing and calling customer service we ended up having lunch at the other restaurant. Kids needed to eat and every other restaurant was packed. We didn   t receive any compensation or were granted anything in return for the bad moment we went through for a mistake we didn   t makeI am embarrassed that Disney paris is affiliated with American Disney parks. We had a brochure from our hotel for a rate 20 some euros cheaper than a days pass, but was told this rate can only be used online and you have to wait 24 hours to use the pass once bought...so we had no choice than to pay gate prices only to find more than 1 2 of attractions for adults closed for refurbishing! we were done with the entire park withen 3 hours! I went to guest relations to complain, they wouldn't extend free admission for the other park that same day but for the next day, we were leaving, they don't offer refunds of any kind, nor would they extend a disney gift card we could use in the USA but they offered us 4 soft drinks...for over 250 euros spent it was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. I would stay away unless you have small children that will enjoy playing in the playground areas and the maze and small rides.I have just returned from our third visit to Disneyland Paris.In the past, we have really enjoyed our visits.I travelled with two young sons ages 5 and 7, my husband and mother in law.My youngest son is autistic, and our main reason to visit this year was for the marvel avengers summer of fun.We were extremely disappointed to find, that in order to visit with Captain America, the incredibles, and any Toy Story character, you had to download an app, and book a slot.I downloaded the dais app, and tried to book a place, only to find the line full for the day. I was told I needed to be in the park at exactly 10.45 when the app opened for bookings. I tried to do this on three consecutive days. I had hell trying to get a slot. As soon as it struck 10.45am everyone in the park was trying to access the app, meaning that it repeatedly crashed and was very hard to use.On our final day I managed to get a slot with the incredibles. Despite trying for three consecutive days, I wasn   t able to get a slot for Captain America.My autistic son was extremely upset and distressed by this, and I was unable to pacify, or explain to him why he couldn   t see his favourite character.I tried to get help from numerous staff members, who were rude and unhelpful. They didn   t seem to have much knowledge of the app, and were not forthcoming to solve the problem.To say we were upset was an understatement. We paid a lot of money to spend time trying fruitlessly to get a useless app to work, and were left with very upset children.We will not be visiting Disneyland Paris again!!! We will save our money and go to Orlando, where they know the meaning of customer service.My family including 2 daughters aged 13 & 9 visited Disneyland Park for 1 day. We've been to many theme parks water parks throughout Australia and Asia but this was our first visit to a Disneyland park. We go to theme parks for one thing rides. Unfortunately Disneyland Park Paris has precious few. The park is a large expanse of.....well not much. Plenty of movie set facades, souvenir shops etc. but few rides. Wait time all day for the rides was 45 60 mins. and the free fast pass sounds good but in reality isn't convenient. We've had far better days at more modest parks where there is more of a focus on the thrill of the rides. In a 7 hour day we managed 5 rides, none of them exceptional. If you're after rides, this is not the place to go. Very disappointing.I normally go to Disneyworld Orlando every year bit thought I would try Disneyland Paris. I understand that it's smaller.(I've been to Disneyland California) I just wasn't impressed. Some of the staff are quite miserable. 5 rides were off during our stay so we felt there wasn't enough on to keep us entertained. The ques were herredous on the rides that were on. Overall I think Disneyland Paris is not worth the money. It needs to take a leaf out of Disneyworlds book I went to Disneyland on Saturday 9th June 2018 for my daughter's birthday and I would have given Disneyland 5 if they didn't have a lack of entertainment. Most of the rides were closed for refurbishment and my daughter wanted to take a picture with Mickey so we went to the show that was at 2:30, so we could hopefully take a picture with him, but when the show was over, he ran away, so my daughter grabbed his hand to ask him to take a picture with her, but before she could speak he PUSHED her! Of all the things he could have done, he decides to push A CHILD! Disney, you had better deal with this, or you are gonna lose some customers (us)!You will spend 90% of your time queuing for rides with impatient infants like my son for a 1 minute ride. And even if you fast pass you can only fast pass 1 ride per day! We are two days into our holiday and we are already bored. We have been on a handful of rides but will not stand in a two hour queue with a 3 year old for a 1 minute ride. As he simply gets bored and plays up! I find this whole experience from the Disney hotels and parks to be too expensive for what it really is. They don   t put enough effort into making the experience simpler for people with small children. I think priority should be put in place to get children under the age of 6 on a ride a lot quicker. As older children tend to be a little more patient. The food and drinks in the park is an utter rip off, in the space of two days alone we have spent    290 on food and drink for a family of three. After going on various forums I have now found cheaper alternatives to try and will be doing that moving forward. There are a number of rides that are out of service at the moment with a view of not to repair I think there have been 3 so far out of action. Not good when there are 2 small parks!! Overall we have enjoyed a little our time here just being together as a family. However I must say I will be taking my husband and child to Walt Disney World Orlando for the next Disney experience, even if it is more expensive to get there!!All in all, the park and studios are good fun if you and your kids don   t mind the constant walking and queuing. Positives: some really good rides and shows (when they   re not being cancelled), including the end of day illuminations. See below for my faves.Negatives: the drinking fountains aren   t shown on the app, most food choices from the various stalls a fast food style rubbish, you can   t get a decent coffee anywhere (McDonalds was the best    I can   t believe I just wrote that but it   s true); Magic Time (for Disney Hotel guests) is helpful but not all rides are available at that time. And, as you might expect, everything is massively overpriced. Feel that Disney Magic in your wallet!Really negatives: disgusting blocked toilets in more than one location; very poor experience with the Disney hotel (Cheyenne) which put a downer on the holiday.HINTS: the app, while being very far from perfect, is worthwhile having as the queue times are broadly correct (most of the time) and use the Fast Pass system to help skip past the worst of the queues.Best rides for adults and older kids: Tower of terror (scary!), hyperspace mountain, rock and roller coaster and big thunder mountain.Best riders for younger kids (6 ish in our cases, although we all enjoyed these): Ratatouille, Star Wars Tour, the Circus train thing at the top of the park, it   s a small world, Pirates of the CaribbeanBest shows: Mickey and the Magician, end of day illuminations, Moteurs Action and the Studio Tram tour. Pirates and Princesses parade was pretty good too, wasn   t impressed by the Pirate show.I love visiting here with my girlfriend but it was ridiculously packed this time about 3 4 hours wait times for each ride. For the price of the ticket it was not that worth itQueues were ridiculous  2 hours to get 1 photo with Cinderella! Only spotted 3 characters all day and 2 were closed for photos as we found them! Tower of Terror had a fault so took 1.5hours instead of the estimated 30mins. Lots of rides closed for maintenance so only a handful of little slow train rides and 4 big rides to do. The main park lacked atmosphere and felt like stacks of shops or places to eat. The smaller park was pointless, outdated and lacking any sparkle. After spending the next day in the centre of Paris, I realised that the real magic belongs in art, history and reality not a plastic theme park. Disney has been at the top of my bucket list for my whole life and it was a let down for what cost a lot of money to do. The highlight was Thunder Mountain.The gift shop was very expensive.I have been in almost all the Disney parks in the world but this is the first time 50% of the rides have issues. Is almost impossible to cue and not get a technical issue or having the ride closed for maintenance. This is really a shame F.Be prepared to wait up to 60 mins for many rides. 90 mins to meet a princess. In rain or hot sun there is often no cover. Once you   ve paid your entrance fee there   s no incentive for them to get you on a lot of rides. Perhaps even the opposite as you leave feeling you need to come again and see the rest. Food and drinks expensive but some water fountains around so bring a bottle. Choose an off peak time and come for early opening if you   re staying in a Disney hotel. The park is clean and staff are good. I must be nuts to have been talked into going to Disney Paris after going to Disneyland two years ago .. same result ..Over priced everything , 60 minute wait for a two minute ride.. used to be 2.5 minutes .. now 2 minutes.If you are well organized with four adults and two small kids you might get in .. a lunch , and maybe three rides before everyone falls in a heap and melts down .Food is typical carbo , fried overpriced crap.. and we got two days worth!!The good news... cleaner and better maintained than Disneyland, California.Smaller and much easier to get on and off campus.. metro right to the front gate.They do the same princess and pirate show all day every 1 2 hour.. it get annoying because people pack the streets and you can   t easily get past them if you have seen it and don   t want that insanity anymore.Staff are very well trained and speak English for us heathens that are so terrible at French.I can   t believe I am spending my two days in France here instead of downtown Paris.. where culturally the kids would learn so much!We visited here as a family of four but were disappointed to find the rides we wanted to go closed due to refurbishment. It wasn   t just one ride it was 3 in total. The other thing we were unhappy about was none of the characters were walking around in the grounds which meant you had to queue up for an hour to see an individual character   unlike Florida where they come out and greet everyone. The Mickey Mouse Show was very enjoyable as was The Tower of Terror. However whilst queuing for Thunder Mountain it developed a mechanical fault so another ride we did not get to experience. We much prefer Florida as far more organised.My boyfriend and I went to Disneyland Paris as a present for our twentieth birthdays, it was a present from my parents and they thought it would be nice me and my boyfriend go on holiday together for the first time.The last time I remember going to Disneyland was when I was around nine and all I could remember was that it was a magical place I wanted to go again. Between that time my family and I had been to Disney world in Florida twice, both had been amazing experiencing with excellent hotels, staff and food. I was very excited for this trip because it would truly be the first time abroad without my family but from the get go things seemed to go wrong, especially in the parks. The staff were overall rude. I speak little French, as does my boyfriend due to us obviously being English tourists. The first incident happened in a food court where we had just ordered some food and upon paying the staff what we had ordered, the person handling the money said something rather snarky in French. It appears he did not think we could understand him, either way we were not very impressed by his behaviour or the fact the French staff around him seemed to find his comment very amusing. The second incident happened later on in the trip when me and my boyfriend were deciding where we should eat, we decided on a buffet. We approached the front of one of the buffets to find no one there but when a staff member arrived they did not greet us or even smile, just stood there waiting for us to talk. I explained that we wanted to see the food that was on offer at the buffet. She explained only one of us could go and look, so I volenteered to go on. A few minutes before we had stopped at a food stand so i could grab an apple, i had been eating it while we stood waiting at the buffet and the staff member at the front desk of the buffet clearly saw i had one. Upon leaving the staff member wouldn't let me leave the premises and pointed to the apple, indicating that i had stolen it! 1. There were no apples available on this buffet. 2. If i stole it why would i openly eat it in front of everyone. 3. They had seen me take it in. Either way their behavior towards me was very rude and when i explained the situation that i had bought the apple in with me, they didn't seem all too impressed anyway.The third incident happened on the last day on our trip. We had bought fast track tickets for the mountain ride in Frontierland. We had been excited for this ride all day and we headed for the fast track queue where several other families and couples were waiting to have their tickets checked. Then out of the blue two young woman decide to push through the queue. Of course i stop them, no way was i having someone push in front of me, but even then they barged past me and other families with young children and certainly caused a scene while doing it. The staff member checking tickets did not do anything to sort out this situation. They simply looked at their tickets and let them through leaving me and of course several other people shocked that they hadn't said or done anything to these queue jumpers. Comparing this trip to Disneyland Paris and to my trip to Disneyworld, i can honestly say the people at Disney world are nicer and more welcoming while the ones at Paris acted like they did not even want to be there or help you. I think Disney needs to really consider who they employ and what training they are putting them through. I will not be visiting Disneyland Paris again, i would rather save my money for a trip where i do not feel like i am in a hostile environment. We went with our 10 Year old son to the park. It was far smaller than expected. It was a busy day but the waiting lines were up to 90 minutes. Crazy !! The given times were not correct and the waiting was even longer than suggested. The entrance and food beverage prices are crazy. 15 euro for a burger menu. This was once and never again. Ok so we knew what we were letting ourselves in for but 2 days and 6 rides later, how many hours of our lives did we lose queueing? Luckily we had fab weather but we found the 40 minute queues for a 2 minute ride ridiculous. For one of the rides we queued for 30 mins when an announcement came over the speaker that there was a technical fault (parachute was stuck in the air) so we left. Another we went for the fast pass machine to be told it was broken. We had to wait or queue for everything   parades, light show, ice  cream...We stayed in the Explorers Hotel and the kids actually were torn between leaving the pool and going to the Park. Figuring out when or how to use Fast pass and trying to identify rides with a short wait time is exhausting. So, we did it but we won't be going back. Went with our 2 kids for our daughter's birthday in March 2018. We found the queue times in both parks too long in general for low season. I had heard that    Disney do queues well     they entertain you whilst you wait, the queues are fast moving and kept to minimum times.    Unfortunately this was not our experience     we used the app on my phone and found many waiting times to be over 30 40 minutes & in some cases 70 minutes. The 1950s drive your own car ride was a 45 minute wait     which we did wait for; to find that only half the track cars were being used     why not open up the full ride to reduce the queuing time? We used magic time on both days to try to get on rides before the general public but found that fast pass booths were closed at this time meaning that we were unable to book ride times at all during this    magic    hour. We still had to queue 25 mins per ride minimum to get on a ride during this time. Not a huge benefit of staying at a Disney hotel to be honest. The fast pass system was barely a benefit. We would make our way into the park in the morning, fast pass a big ride that we all wanted to go on only to get a ride time hours later   10:30am we fast passed a ride and got a 6 7pm slot and couldn   t book another fast pass for a further few hours meaning we had to queue at every ride anyway. There were no Disney characters just walking about the streets saying hi to the public     there were only meet & greets at specific times and queues for those were well over 25 minutes. Princesses meet & greet was 70 minutes on all the 3 days we were there. We did not meet a single character. There were insufficient refreshment stalls small outlets open     we queued 30 minutes for 4 bottles of soft drinks at one point, along with other unhappy customers because there was only 1 outlet open in the Adventureland vicinity and only 1 member of staff on in there. I can say that at no time on any rides did I think anything felt unsafe  unchecked   not something I can say for other theme parks we have visited.We upgraded our booking to include full board    plus    meals and I duly booked slots in restaurants ahead of our stay as I   d heard they get busy. Ice cream   caf   outlets that were open had queues out of the door and to the other side of Main Street     minimum wait of 25 mins   not worth it. We found ourselves walking back to the Disney Village to get drinks ice creams and to have a sit down because those options were so lacking in both parks.No member of staff approached us in general to see how our stay was going, to offer to take a photo of us as a family, to tell us about something in the parks which was going on, or to offer us help. No member of staff    went out of their way    to make sure we had nothing less than a fantastic Disney magical time. It felt like we were part of the cattle being herded in to spend money and be herded out. Overall, we didn   t enjoy Disnleyland Paris nearly as much as we had hoped   we did have good times during the weekend, went on some great rides eventually, got some good family photos and enjoyed the slightly warmer weather but sadly we were hugely underwhelmed with Disneyland Paris and didn   t find the Disney magic. Unlikely to ever return to DisneyLand Paris,I would happily spend ~  3000 elsewhere on a family weekend away.OK so we took our 11 and 8 years old to Disneyland Paris in the Easter Holidays. We drove and the as the first thing you see as you approach the park is a row of toll booths for the car park and that's a cost of 25 Euros per day so make sure you factor that into your budget. We went for two days which still wasn't quite long enough (although it should have been, more on that later). After the toll booths the car park isn't far at all and we easily found a space on both days. The next thing you have to do is get to the ticket desks, this is quite a walk and although there were airports style motorised walkways a lot of these were broken and not working. So we queued for some time and bought our tickets and then queued to get into the park. We decided to go to Disney Studios Park first as it was smaller and there were less rides we planned to go on there. (this is a handy tip so if you can plan the rides before you go it will save you some time on the day). We queued for a couple of rides which we ended up being turned away from as they had broken down! Which was a lot of wasted time. Our daughter also wanted to meet Moana so we bought her an autograph book but then found out there was an hour and a half queue to see her! This was sadly much the case for all of the meet and greet characters and we only got to see a couple as we happened to catch them 'setting up'. A lot of them also finished quite early on the day so go to them first thing of it's something you want to do. We went to see the car Stunt show which was also cancelled last minute so more time wasted. We did go back on the second day and it was very good. We spent most of the second day in the main Disney park. There's lots to do here but again be careful as although the park didn't close until 22:00 a few on the rides closed at 17:00 and 20:00 which we weren't aware of and so we missed a few things we wanted to do. Another tip is not to eat in the main area unless you want to pay   15 for a burger. On the second day we found out there's a McDonalds and other restaurants much better priced near the entrance of the parks. We had a 'fast pass' ticket which I would highly recommend as some of the regular queues were 90 minutes long or worse. However its all done manually and could do with an update. Overall I would say its worth a trip here for 2 or three days. However it is quite stressful and the staff aren't particularly helpful.The fireworks are worth seeing which are on when the park closes.It is true that we visited on a day that was a holiday so I guess that there was a lot of parisians too in the park, but it was crowded above words. Anywhere you wanted to go was at least 1 hour to wait. Further more, we had bad luck so we stoped first at Big thunder mountain. After about 10 minutes of waiting...it was closed, no explanation... Ok, we go at Pirates of Carraibean. We enter and when we were almost at the boats...it was something wrong, they told us that it is closed, to stay on place (the place was filled with adults and children, we were in a dark and hot moist place) for about 10 minutes and after that they pulled a bridge and took us out, because the ride was, too, closed. So...after these 2 rides closed in a few minutes I was already angry so we did not enjoyed it at all. We intended to stay at Peter pan but it was a waiting line of at least 1 hour, we were already tired so my daughter did not want to wait any more, she wanted to eat....but, of course, it was a waiting line which takes your apetite away.... We entered at Nautilus...it doesn t even worth mentioning, nothing special there. The only ride without a line was Space mountain, where we did not have the courage to enter.Bottom line: if you are not staying in one of the Disneys hotels so you could enter the park 2 hours early and if you are visiting in a period that is a national holiday...go at Disney only if you are calm enough and be prepared for crowds everywhere.And be sure your pockets are loaded, there are tentations, shops everywhere. More than rides....The design of the park was the only thing I liked...  I am a fan of Disney but not extortion of hard working people who safe along time then to be ripped off but I went here a few years ago did I enjoy it ??? yes was it worth it no . The cons out way the pros let   s go pros first Pros it Disney a dream come true Limitless photo opportunities Characters Lovely detail to building But it stops their last time I was in Disney Paris was 8 years ago It was overpriced and saw everything in a day or two So decided to go to Orlando Disney for a few years in a row after that and it worked out cheaper and never seem too have run of of things to do so this time round we thought we chance Paris again to see had it changed but My advice if you want a dream Disney experience save that extra few quid and go to Orlando now back Back to Paris Disney the date we were visited this park was 2 4 2018   6 4 2018 and within them days The major attractions thunder mountain and pirates of the Caribbean broke down 3 times Was raging had been waiting in queue for an hour in all rides never offered a fast pass or to comeback again I find Disney Paris is outdated and very badly run compared to Orlando and the staff in Paris look unhappy stressed and understaffed Star tours and shows are all in French which I   m sure 90% per cent of gate users have English language Disney studio had half the park under refurbishment and other show are so outdated yet park tickets are still the same price even when your getting half the entertainment . Crush coaster closed haunted mansion closed Disney theater closed  Few restaurants closed Alice in wonderland maze closed A starwars show that was meant to be on till Tuesday 3 4 2018 was closed on the Monday  I paid full priced for half entertainment and food courts are robbery Yes places need to be Maintained but not half of it all at once. Then the massive price on the restaurants in the park which is not descent food but an opportunity to charge people because they know they can   t leave but still need to eat Again robbery Disney need to be leaders of the pack Universal and Disney Florida the place to visit unless Paris changes its attitudes it will become extinct  But like everything it will fall on deaf ears Let me start off by saying I love Disney parks in the US. This one is nothing like those. I didn't expect too much but it even fell below that. First, I'm a part of DVC (Disney Vacation Club) and we had to wait way beyond when we told that Disney Paris should have their inventory in. When they finally submitted their inventory we couldn't reserve for April. That is ridiculous. We had to book a Disney friendly hotel. They're about 5 of them. The shuttle service stinks. They have only one shuttle servicing all those hotels. It would get so crowded at the stop that people were pushing and shoving to get on when the shuttle actually came.Second the parks are small and unimpressive. If you love Disneyworld don't go here. You'll spend most of your time on lines. They have the older version of fast pass so tickets run out quickly. I bought photospass  and guess what, there are no disney photographers in the park. Except at the character lines. Not all rides have pictures either. I waisted 70 euros.Third the food is not that good. However we found one good restaurant. It's called Remy's restaurant. We also met a really nice woman working there named Mariam. She got us a reservation even though the restaurant was booked solid. We also met an artist in The art of Disney animation who was great to my daughter by the name of Sally.There were more issues but those were the big ones for me. If these issues were remedied, the park would be much better in my opinion. I will never go back.We got a photo pass card on our first of two days and were told to scan them and print within 24 hours. We arrived at photo shop the next day, after queuing that morning for 90 mins for Mickey Mouse, only to scan the card and NO photos found, we   d lined up and got about 6 photos with different characters, our child was in tears and the complaints desk weren   t that interested in helping, offering a few free rides but nothing close to even making up for hours spent in queues for nothing We were disappointed with our visit: Even there is not so many attractions, Directions to them are not well marked. We did not even see the signs for the toilet, which when traveling with small children, can be very problematic in the hurry. But what made us most disappointed is that we could not buy a fast pass on the spot. We spent almost 8 hours there and we managed to visit only 4 major attractions. Imagine how kids were sad and disappointed. POOR and expensive.We visited for the first time to celebrate my daughters 18th Birthday late February. I have been to Disney in Florida lots of times and I know it is wrong to compare but also hard not to. Whilst a lot of the same rides are there I would say that the park is far too small for the amount of people there, even though it was February and out with school holidays the queues were ridiculous most rides were over an hour it was really difficult to get any fastpasses, queues for food and queues for toilets etc etc. It was also really really cold when we were there (I know Disney don   t control the weather) and a lot of queuing is outside so at times felt a bit like torture rather than fun.The actual rides are good once you FINALLY get on but also everything is in French (that   ll be because you are in France but not ideal if you don   t speak the lingo)All in all I would say just save a bit more and go to Florida First trip and last. Queues as far as the eye could see and this was mid week in February. Pushy rude people everywhere skipping in front of us in queues for rides  restaurants etc. Standing in our way for the fireworks. Its a rip off. We won't be back.We enjoyed the parade and the fireworks at the end. However, the standards were not what we expected at all! Most rides are very old and you can tell that they have not been chanced from 20 years ago! Most of them are for very young children, there are only a couple of them for adults. all restaurant were understaff and even if everyone was very nice, you could tell they were tired and overworked. Also, I am allergic to gluten and I could not find a single restaurant that could serve me gluten free food! I would have expected better from a place that sees so many people every day of the year! Overall is a nice day out, however I would not come back every again (not even with kids!)I went to Disneyland 20 years ago and loved it as a child. This time   in my late 20s   I went again with two friends and was shocked. There had been no extensions   it is the same park where they are doing some refurbishments with WAY TOO MANY People. Instead of extending the park, they speed up the rides... so you have the queue for approx 60 minutes for a really short ride.The Disney characters used to walk through the park and you could take pictures. Now the kids and parents need to queue for approx. 60 minutes to take a picture.The fireworks at 21h are recommendable   but for the price you have to pay to get in, I would not go back. Go to other parks instead!Worst of all! There is no proper food. You have a choice of disgusting and cheap    food      NO healthy or vegetarian options available. The snacks you can get are disgusting waffles, crepes and crisps. No selection.I love disney but they are ruining the experience for everyone.Go with time:   offer healthy options to eat and a wider selection  Either open new rides to spread the mass of people or limit the amount of tickets.  Reconsider most of your processes and become more efficient.  have the disney characters waking around to spread the magic for kids  stop opening more shops!!! There are more than enoughIn short, Disneyland Paris needs serious investment. 25 years old and it shows. I never felt like we got value for money while we were there... thank god for McDonald's which was reasonably priced (for fast food). Everything else was a complete ripoff (bar perhaps alcohol but you expect a level of 'expensive' in France). You get the feeling that Disney is milking every penny they can from the park. While we were there, a number of attractions were frequently out of service (Space Mountain broke down 3 times over the 2 days we were there... when we did queue for it, we waited an hour only to reach the top of the queue and lone behold... it broke down again!). I reviewed the hotel we stayed in seperatly, a complete let down. In fairness, we had a good time in the park itself and we particularly enjoyed the character breakfast (I can see how it would be special for families). Next time we go, we'll do it differently and perhaps stay close by or go self catering. I spenr two days with my daughter and granddaughter and we couldn't be more disappointed. No matter where we went the employees were almost rude, unwilling to help or answer our questions. The shows and rides were closed with out any explanation. Food was horrible ans so was service. This is not one of the happiest place on the earth! I've contacted Disney twice via email about this trip. It's made me cross that they don't even respond. We visited DisneyLand Paris for New Year   s Eve Day and night with our two children, age 6 and 9. It was our first time at DisneyLand Paris and we were super excited. Such experiences are precious and we were well prepared for the day.We anticipated big queues for rides and autographs and accepted that we wouldn   t get to do everything that we wanted to during our visit     no problem, we   d enjoy what we did get to do.What we hadn   t anticipated was the complete and utter chaos that would be the transition between the day and evening. We had been online several times in the run up to new year to look for guidance regarding how the evening would run. There was very little information available.Our coach company were equally uninformed despite trying to obtain information.During the day we asked the staff where we needed to show our evening tickets     we were told we didn   t need to leave the park     only people who didn   t have a ticket needed to leave. Later on, we were by thunder mountain at the time, we found out from another staff member that we would need to exchange our evening tickets for a wrist band     it was starting to get dark at this point. We made our way round the long one way system shuffling through the crowds.We asked 5 different members of staff where we could get the wrist bands from we were told:     There are staff wearing red handing them out in front of the castle        that was not true, when we found a staff member (after navigating the long one way system, as so many people with lights were cutting off the straight routes) they said:     The entrance        on the way to the entrance we asked another staff member, they said     customer relations        we queued and were told after queuing:     The train station    (we then checked this again with another staff member)When we finally got to the train station (with two very hungry and tired kids) we then had to queue again to get the wrist bands and were then once again pushed back around a one way system (through the staff quarters where people were    off duty   ) and ended back up at Thunder Mountain. All the restaurants and cafes on the main street were then closed until 8 pm, so we couldn   t get the kids any food (again the staff were uninformed about what was open     we were told nowhere was, this wasn   t true either as we got food eventually in the adventure zone).At this point, we decided to draw a line under the debacle and enjoy the rest of the evening. After the AMAZING parade we headed over to see the swing band. We were at the front of the large queue and were all ready for the start. After standing there for some time (with a staff member present), we were told that we needed to enter from the other side     we went round, and were told it was now full   . (along with lots of other people who had been queuing with us)We decided if we bought a drink and some fries we   d watch from the tabled area     the staff were rude at policing this and after queuing (again) for fries and encountering a very tired and rude staff member on the tills were eventually got fries     there were no seats left and we were moved 3 times by staff. We had some amazing experiences at Disney     we had a taster of how good it could be, but so much of it was spoilt by the above that even though we tried not to let it tarnish the experience     we   ve heard our kids telling several of their friends of this as part of their experience     we didn   t want this to be their    takeaway    memory.We made Disney guardians of our kids magic. We   ll never get another chance at New Year   s Eve 2017. We can   t    undo    that experience for them.Disney must do better at guarding peoples dreams and imagination     we expected better.We took the family to Disneyland Paris for the first time this winter... what a mess! we've been to the other parks in Florida and Southern California and they are far superior! they let way too many people into the park in Paris. it was absolutely packed with people, every ride, every street absolutely crammed in literally hard to walk from one attraction to the next. I do not recommend going here.Took a group of 50 Sixth Formers to a Business conference followed by a day and a half in the park. The conference was brilliant. The rides great but in the cold weather breaking down. Girls that had to be rescued from the Indiana Jones roller costa were given a ticket to go to the front of the queue as compensation. They had waited 30 minutes to be rescued, were freezing cold and unwilling to risk that ride again. So how a ticket onto the same ride was in any way compensation I failed to comprehend. A lot of the staff were 'grumpy', especially in the shops, food outlets and customer services. The people dressed as a Disney character had clearly been instructed not to stop for photos, instead you had to pay to have your picture taken with them; around    16 17. We had to get a wheelchair for a student who was on crutches. It cost    20!! The deposit was    75. A bit of research shows that the chair being hired just 5 times and it breaks even, after that and it is all profit. How does that equate with their charitable profile? Make money out of those less fortunate? Not impressed Disney. The park was beautifully clean, not easy with so many people visiting. The rides were imaginative and indoors as well as outdoors thankfully. Queue for rides times were not true to the times displayed; some earlier and some later. Food outlets could not always meet demand. First night we ate in the park which was appalling. After that we took the kids into the local town for good quality food at a reasonable prices and with good customer service. I won't be rushing to return to the park wth my 12 year old. Where to start! If you are on a tight budget forget it. Everything is massively overpriced. First thing we were hit with was the Disney bus from CDG 100euros return! For 4 of us, Really! We were half board so we got a quick service breakfast in 1 location plus buffet meals in about 6 locations, the buffet was very nice complaints there. The quick service breakfast was a joke, 'quick' does not apply at all! 50mins standing in a queue for a omelette burger a croissant and a drink. We ended up paying an extra 10 euros so we could eat at our hotel(Santa Fe). At least we could eat straight away although was only a crappy continental breakfast. If you are paying for food I feel sorry for you, it's a rip off.Once in the park be prepared to queue, LOTS! now I did expect to queue just maybe not so much for the time of year it was freezing!If you have really young ones take a buggy! Don't overlook this advice just TAKE A BUGGY. Our 7yo son was fine but our almost 3yo can't walk the distances involved. Hire of a buggy is 20euros for the day! shocking they feel the need to charge so much.Everything is geared toward separating you from your money. Half of the park is basically Disney toy shops, they are everywhere! And having to drag your kids through them is a nightmare as they are constantly being teased to buy something.Don't overlook the studios we had more fun there with the live shows and stuff.My kids had a nice time and it is a real feast for the eyes but I wouldn't go again.Sorry Disney.Having been to Disneyland Paris several times, this was our first time with our 4 year old grandson, who had a wonderful time. How can you not with the rides, the characters and the parades? This review, however, is not aimed at the attractions, but at the rest, which are vital to making up a full, enjoyable day at a place like Disneyland. And one of the keys here is money! Many family groups will visit Disneyland and will face approaching 80    100    bill for the pleasure of enjoying a full lunch. That might not sound like much, but for us it meant it just wasn   t feasible to have a sit down lunch, with snacks we had brought in having to suffice. The same was the case for merchandise, which seemed so much more expensive than we would have anticipated. This is another area that Brexit has damaged in terms of exchange rates, but even so, everything seemed to have been uprated. Finally, coffee! We live in France and enjoy going to one of several places in our village to have a pleasant coffee. We have not had a bad cup of coffee for a long period, until Disneyland that is. Cafe au lait? Dreadful! The taste of coffee was distinctly absent   ever so slightly flavoured milk. Cafe noir? Yep, it was coffee, but only just. That was in the morning at least. Another cup late in the afternoon and the only clue that it was coffee was in the colour. Again, flavour distinctly absent. In France? Please, there is a need to up your game! 2 days without coffee, or anything tasting as such   not good!Pains me to say it as we are Disney fans but just back from a disappointing three days at the park. We knew some rides were not available and we accept this to maintain the high safety standards and update the rides, however there were an unusually high number out of action on a daily basis that was not publicised. This together with the fact very few rides had their fast pass booths open,they remained coned off made it exceptionally busy. Toilet facilities for Disney were the worse ever experienced, no soap no toilet paper no hand dryers working and no paper towels. The toilets near the pizzeria in Fantasyland stunk of urine. Lots of restaurants closed so very restricted in choice. Despite advertising everywhere that smoking is only allowed in designated areas people were smoking everywhere evident by the number of cigarette buts over the floor. Staff say nothing to the smokers. Actually saw people in the queue for Its a small world puffing away.Come on Disney this id not good enough!We wanted to take our 15 and 10 year old here as their Christmas present. Prior to my visit, I researched the different web sites from different countries and was disappointed to find that the French web site gave the better deal by a long way. Why is there such discrepancy for the same product? It already felt like a rip off. I booked our trip in November for a visit in February. In January, I began to think about the pre paid meal plan and discovered that because we had our hotel booking through the French web site we had to book the meal plan through them as well. This meant that for exactly same product, we paid   28 more. Trying to phone the number on the booking was awful. Firstly, there was a 30 minute wait on hold, to be told that I needed to be transferred to someone who spoke English, was cut off, rang again, waited a further 45 minutes, found I was speaking to someone in America, who could not help me at all, had to start again. It took 4 calls before I finally was able to book, only to find that most restaurants were fully booked. Got a table at Silver Spur (was very tasty), but had to pay a further 28 Euros as our deal did not cover the cost, this despite asking the woman on the phone at the time of booking if we would have extra costs and being reassured that we would not. Had our children not been so looking forward to this trip, I would have cancelled at this point. I sent an email to the complaints line before we left, received a confirmation email explaining that they were very busy, but they would endeavour to get back to us within 15 working days. Still waiting...In the park, we had to queue 30 minutes for the extra magic hours. Why only have one entry point for all the people staying at the hotels? Absolute waste of time as most of the rides were shut until 10 am anyway.The queues for the rides were on average 45 minutes and we experienced many breakdowns whilst queuing which meant that the wait was a waste of time and the fast passes ran out before they were running again. On our last day, we managed 2 rides before 2 pm due to late starting rides, rides shut and rides breaking down. Took a chance with queuing to complain at City Hall and were given fast passes for 3 rides, which was something, but as we were leaving at 4pm that day, it was a rush to use them.We stayed at the Hotel Cheyenne, booking a room for 4 of us to share. Our room was small, but enough for what we wanted. However, there was a double bed and a sofa, which it turned out we needed to put up ourselves. Really?! Breakfast was horrendous, families fighting for space amongst the huge school groups and filling up on purely carbs   bread rolls, croissants, cereals, bread   with a bit of cheese and yogurts. We were told that the fresh fruit order had not arrived yet. All in all, this has been a very expensive trip which has left us feeling ripped off and disappointed with the whole thing. Definitely no magical experience what so ever. We are absolutely not going back again and will spend our money elsewhere.Overall experienceVery disappointed. 25% of the rides attractions & facilities were closed for refurbishment. Twice queued for over 30 mins for a ride only to be told there was a technical problem & to come back later. Very few staff around to assist with any queries, all the staff we saw were working on the actual rides.Very few actual Disney characters seen out & about around the parks.Disney Studios park is basically a non event.Getting into the parks the security checkpoints were farcical, too small, not enough of them, long queues, some bags checked some weren't, twice I walked in without putting the contents of my pockets in the tray, the red lights on the scanner were simply ignored.Food & drink outlets, Quality very average, prices very expensive.Retail outletsFar too many of them, all selling exactly the same merchandise at the same outrageously inflated pricesHotelStayed at the New York & really wished I hadn't wasted my money. Have reviewed this separately on Trip Advisor.Value for moneyMost definately not. This is blatant profiteering at its ugliest. We went as a couple, how families with children can afford this place is beyond me and as this whole concept is child orientated I think Disney Corp should be ashamed.Everything (with only 2 exceptions that we came across) from the overall package, the food, drinks, hotel, merchandise is at least 3 times the cost it should be.I'm afraid I only have positive comments for 2 things. 1st   The Wild West Show was very good, expensive at    65 &    80 but compared to everything else the price is approaching acceptable for the entertainment and the food & drink.2nd   Earl of Sandwich food outlet in Disney Village. Selection, variety & quality very good, price of    6.50 for std size sandwich (which is similar to a panini size) or around    11 for double. A few more outlets of this kind & at these types of prices would make a world of difference.Disneyland Paris is one of those places that are a must visit, so one can say Been there, seen it, done it. Now we have done that, we won't be returning anytime soon.A few weeks before visiting Disneyland I broke my knee and was therefore on crutches for my visit. I researched that I would be able to fast track certain rides with my friends to avoid standing for long periods of time and that I should bring evidence to get this. I brought my hospital letters and after queuing for over an hour to be seen at a desk I provided them with this to be told I would have to book at rides and wait hours and go back at the booking time to get on. This system was ridiculous as it meant I had to kill sometimes 2 hours before going on anything and before long the day is over. I found the staff very rude and unfriendly, in the main restaurant by the castle I was made to queue without a seat for again another hour and the lady showed no sympathy towards myself while we waited. Then to watch the illuminations show there was no seating either so it ended up being a really long and unenjoyable day at Disney, the worst part of all was that at the end I was told they should have given me a wheelchair which would have made life much easier but obviously they failed to do this. The whole thing distracted from the beauty of the park and the show at the end which is truly amazing.Place is amazing, don't get me wrong, of course is a 'Magic experience' but at the same time it make you exhausted.You pass the day in queues ... 1hr and half to meet your friends for a photo, minimum 30 min for a ride while trains leave half empty due to silly rules of priority and staff unorganized, you need to book days in advance for a meal, and still you will loose between 1 and 2 hr. for an well overpriced meal. And all of this in the middle of a Winter week, can't imagine the disaster on a Summer week end....!Staff shall be better trained and ready to help you with goods tips while most of them look just tired poor them! All the gadgets are way over expensive while if prices would be slightly reduced I bet most families could make kids happier.We have visited so many amusements park and we defenetly were expecting a better organisation from Disney on 2017..!!My daughter will surelly ask to go back and I hope we will find a more update tech witch will allowed a relaxed enjoyable experience.My review for Disneyland would have been a 5 star review quite easily had it not been for our experience at the  New years eve party  The park itself is fantastic, spotlessly clean, well looked after and the rides are all fantastic. If you have little ones, bring them, they will love the place. My only gripe is that there really are no Disney characters wandering around for anybody to interact with, instead you must queue for a minimum of 1hr at a time to have a few pictures with one of them. If you want to meet Mickey or Minnie however change that time to 2hrs minimum. Pricing for food can also be horrendously expensive, if you shop around however there are a few cheaper places to eat. We came here to enjoy New Years, it turns out Disney advertise this as an exclusive event when it is anything but! I've never seen an event do ridiculously oversold than this. There were more people in the park for New Years than there ever was during a normal day. We purchased the tickets a long time in advance thinking they would sell out. Despite being advertised as sold out, tickets were still being sold on the day in the park. We arrived at the park on New years eve minus our party tickets, thinking we wouldn't need them until the evening as the park was still open as normal. As we got into the park we saw a sign in French asking people to get their wristbands for the NYE party. We asked an official how we got them to be told you need your party tickets, the same tickets that advertised  THIS IS YOUR TICKET, PRESENT AT PARK GATE FOR ADMISSION  any sane person reading this would assume that this was all you need, but no we were wrong apparently. So after frantically re downloading the tickets to my phone and then queuing for another two hours to exchange the tickets for wristbands we got on with our day. I will add that 2 hours in Disneyland is a lot, those two hours meant we couldn't go on some of the bigger rides because the queues get too big. So we weren't best pleased. Upon our arrival in the evening it was quite quickly apparent that the event had been massively oversold, probably owing to Disney's relentless abilities to bleed people dry of money whilst at the parks. When we reached the front of the queue we saw that there were attendants just giving out wristbands for anybody who hadn't got one during the day.. the same wristbands that we were assured had to be obtained during the day or you would not be able to attend the  party  however it got worse.. as we went to our gate to enter we showed the attendant our wristbands only to be told.. no no not those we don't really need those but I do need your tickets please. Absolute joke. The park is an absolute disgrace when it comes to organisation. It turned out the wristbands were purely to show to staff when they asked to prove you had a ticket... the same ticket that had to be used to gain entry in the first place!!!!! Finally in.. we thought great, lets get food... not possible.. everywhere was either booked or you faced a 3 hour queue. Want a coffee? Excellent go an get one... but queue for an hour first... popcorn? Yes please, queue for an hour.. everywhere was oversubscribed and nowhere could cope with the sheer volume of people. Disney's parades are incredible, I'm quite happy I saw a normal parade so we were both excited to see the NYE parade which brought together all the best bits from throughout the year. Well it was fantastic, excellent, extravagant and brilliant, everything that we had hoped for.. except we had to stand around for 3hrs to make sure we had a place to see the parade.. standing for 3 hours whilst not being able to move for a coffee or food is quite a feat, but the sheer cheek and rudeness of some people make it damn near impossible! Added to this the parade was also 30 minutes late with no explanation. Once the parade had ended we thought great a couple of hours to get some rides in and maybe finally eat.. we were wrong. Restaurants booked up until midnight and most places having at least a 2 hour wait... still could be worse, we could have had to queue and stand about to get a decent place to watch the fireworks for the next 2hrs... oh wait... we did have to!! People claimed spaces to watch the fireworks 2 hours in advance meaning everybody then had to do the same.. the fireworks were awesome! Well worth the wait and certainly better than any I've seen anywhere else. After the fireworks we decided to call it a night, we made it back to the bus park for 1am.. we weren't back at the hotel until 3:30am. The sheer volume of people made it impossible to get on a bus. I felt sorry for the police that had been drafted in to keep the place secure.. they stood no chance. Would I go back to Disneyland.. yesWould I got an event such as NYE.. dear god no!The place is good but poorly managed. One whole day is not at all enough to see the whole park as there is huge queue with waiting of at least 2 hrs n that too just for a 2 5 min activity. Even to use toilets we had to wait for around half n hour in queue. Everything there is very expensive including food. The castle, musical fountain n Disney parade were amazing, but we couldn   t enjoy the whole park n felt like we waisted our day in Queues. We arrived early in the day, and most rides already had a two hour wait. Fast pass times were already after 7pm. Seriously, what is the point? We went to Pinocchio   it was suddenly closed for a technical problem. Peter Pan was at the two hour mark. We went to Big Thunder Mountain and waited 2 hours and then an announcement said a technical difficulty was forcing them to halt the ride. No explanation, and an implication it would be a short delay. We waited 30 more minutes, then gave up. As we left the queue we saw some repairmen trying to fix the track. Just an unpleasant experience all around. Bumper to bumper people, impossible system to navigate. Central waiting time board for Discoveryland had one waiting time, but when we got to the ride the actual waiting time was more than double. Truly horrible experience. Six hours, one ride.My wife and 2 die hard Disney adult kids visited Disneyland Paris on Christmas day.We expected the park would be crowded... it was.The park had sold way more tickets than the infrastructure could handle.I lined up for 20 mins at guest services near the entrance to book our lunch. No bookings were available for lunch or dinner. The guest service personwas pleasant and offered me fast access tickets for one ride for the family. It turnrd out that the park was so busy that the fast access tickets cut the 1hr wzit down to 20 mins.My daughter lined up for 90 minutes for takeaway (the line she was in merged with a disabled access line at the counter   not visible at the back of the line)During those 90 minutes I could not access a vacant table inside so we ate outside in the 5 degree temp. Our fries chilled before we had finished our burger. So much for Christmas family lunch.My wife and daughtet not only had to queue for food and rides along with the boys, but they also had very long queues into the bathroom.The rides and exhibits were excellent.Management at the park need to manage resources better. Banning people from bringing their own picnic an not making reasonable access to food etc available is unreasonable.My adult kids enjoyed their day despite spending much of their time queing.The closing show was not to be missed.Stayed here for Christmas after being totally spoilt in Florida which is truly the most happiest place on earth I was hoping for the same experience in Paris only better as it was Christmas boy was I wrong Yeah the decorations were nice and he firework display as always amazing but to be honest that was the only good points no Christmas spirit or magic just rude miserable staff, rude people pushing in shoving you out the way and generally overall miserable, long cues for everything including food and food is very overpriced Do yourself a favour and save up for the real deal in Florida happy people happy staff and truly magical We really loved Disneyland paris  the park is beautiful, the rides are great and so much fun and the shows are world class experience.But there is an huge problem: people smoking cigarettes all over the parks. Unlike Disney world or Disneyland California, here people smoke everywhere  in lines, during the parade and in fantasyland right near the children.The official policy is that smoking is not allowed but we saw so many cast members just ignoring people smoking and never said a word to them. This just ruined our whole experience as we constantly needed to try find a place where people aren   t smoking at the moment and it wasn   t easy at all.I really hope they would do something about it because it so sad to see such a nice place that was made for families and children full with so much cigarettes smoke. Went while visiting Paris, and if I had it to do again I'd have seen more of Paris. To be fair, I live close to Disneyworld so it's not like we haven't done Disney, but we had a grandiose idea of visiting all of the Disney parks as we absolutely love them. There are some different rides here which is nice but it lacks the Disney 'Magic', as the staff at the park can be rude or gruff depending on who you talk to. This is not truly a 'Disney' park, as they pay for the licensing but it is not the same Disney thus not the same experience so don't go expecting that. I can now say I went, but would not go back.It's a really nice Park!  But nothing todo really.   Only 3 goods rides.  The place needs a serious update! pronto  It's over priced!I took the crew to Disneyland for the day (with grand kids). It was Dapper day,nice but king of strange?? a lot of people in a small place. The rides were nice lines were not real long. The castle a bit disappointing. We are regulars at the Disneyworld parks. This park is no where near the experience the World has to offer. The park was clean but was very crowed. The Haunted Mansion still had the Halloween display which was really cool. The food was about the same as others rides are cool as is in the other parks. I went to get a handicap access pass as I do at the other parks. (The new system gives you a time to come back as if you are in line.) It all stated out bad I had to argue with the attendant to prove I needed a pass an was asked what medical condition I have because I am no in a wheel chair. (I am a disabled vet with back  standing issues after a few surgeries) I am not really sure why I was put through this. After getting the pass added to my card it was worthless to use for any ride but one time. No one at the ride understood was the pass was for and I had to pass on a lot of the rides because I can not stand in one place for very long. This is enough for me to never return to this park ever again. I have family in this area which means this is a big disappointment for me. This needs to be addressed. I can understand this cause issues with some that think people are just trying to get over and get in line faster which is not in my case. The park is cool just some things did not work for me. Customer service needs work.I loved the park itself, I really did. We spent 13 hours here from 10am 11pm... since it was a one day visit, so we were expecting to have all of our meals here, and to try some different food. Despite the fact that many of the rides had a wait of around 2 hours and some of the staff were pretty rude, the rides were great fun and the parade was fabulous (from what we could see, you have to park yourself into a space 45 minutes before the parade starts so that you can actually see it. There is few, if any, high vantage points). So, with the majority of guests spending the entire day within the park, DLP have a captured market of tens of thousands of people per day; naturally you would expect there to be a varied choice of establishments to dine. Nope. Nearly every quick service area in DLP serves the same food, despite the various interesting names and appearance of the caf  s; horrendously presented, frozen garbage clearly from an industrial sized box wrapped individually in plastic. And they charge you extortionate prices for the pleasure. Even though the caf  s are in different themed sections of the park, the menus remain largely the same. In Florida, each section has its own theme going on, and it continues with the food. DLP seriously lacks in diversity when it comes to food options.Onto the restaurants, don't expect to be able to take a spontaneous trip to DLP and be able to book a dinner reservation after 1pm. You will be sorely disappointed. Many of the restaurants are closed after 7:30 (WHY?! The park closes at 11pm!) meaning that the ones open after this time are absolutely swamped. This must create an illusion of exclusivity for DLP that they enjoy... the restaurants appear constantly busy and so people believe they are worth visiting. From what I hear, it's a very expensive variation of what you receive in the quick service caf  s. So after a long day of eating terrible, terrible food, we were forced to eat in one of the quick service areas again. Not what I expected from Disneyland Paris. So, so disappointed.An average wait of 45 minutes for a ride lasting one minute and ten seconds is not acceptable for a five year old. This was the case for the whole of our trip. We noticed that the system appears to be deliberate, as the queues to enter the park were kept up as much as possible by removing staff from the car park entrance and the security gates whenever the queues looked as if they might become too short. The rides are as good as at most theme parks, although the Peter Pan ride is in urgent need of a rebuild, as it is noisy and jerky, unlike the Florida version. Also the Haunted House and the Thunder Mountain rides both broke down.If you book a hotel , you cannot arrive until 3pm and you have to leave by 11 am, so for most people the extra two days' tickets are a waste, which makes it even worse value.Some of the staff try really hard, but there is a combination of US capitalist greed and Parisian service attitude which spoils the atmosphere. However, for children, the parades and the characters make up for everything.I got a fast pass ticket as we were only there for a day, and assumed this meant you could get straight on the rides. In fact it means you can collect a ticket to get straight on a ride later in the day, and then prevents you getting any more for 2 hours, and these tickets run out about 3. So we collected one at 10:30 which allowed us straight on the ride at 13:00, then another at 12:30 which allowed us on a ride later, and then all the fast track machines were closed. So we had to queue. So fast track means for 2 or if you are lucky 3 rides. Early entry for staying in a Euro Disney hotel also a con, as only a few of the baby rides open before 10. Fun as a one off but not worth the money.Just arrived with my daughter. Very excited. Couldn't get a sniff in at under an hour 30 for any decent teenage rides so took in a few of the shows. Thought Saturday was best to visit Paris. Got up 7am Sunday. Arrived at the park at 8:30 for the early bird and bit disappointed when we got told the Rocky Mountain ride opened at 9. 10 past 9 got told by another member of the  Crew . It would be 9:30 and it's always 9:30 so we waited. Park opened at 9:40 we rushed in and got within 5 people near to the front for the Rocky Mountain rollercoaster. Waited till 10:20 and was told it had a fault. No apologies nearly 2 hours wasted. Went to the space rollercoaster shut. Thought ok so went to studios park as was getting pretty wound up. Got on tower of terror very good just under an hour then went to ratatouille ride queued for an hour and 10 minutes then that broke. I've paid   100 a day for tickets to spend 4 hours queuing for nothing. What can I say it frustrating enough that prices have gone up the pound is in the toilet and you won't get change out of   50 for 2 people with burger, chips and a drink. I have been 4 times before this will 100% be my last. No body gives a hoot just smiles and says bonjour please use the exit. What happened to trying to make the customer feel good rather than making you feel like your dealing with a dodgy second hand car dealer who's had your money. Such a shame. Went here with our family. Despite Disneyland Paris getting great reviews I tend to disagree. We went on a Monday in October (not French school holidays) to avoid the crowds. Still, every attraction had a waiting time of roughly 30 45 minutes and some longer. The food is as expected overpriced and bad. Don't see what you can get out of a day here, when you spend most of the time waiting for a few attractions (there are only a handful of them, the rest are parks and shops). Cannot recommend. Have never visited the US Disneyland, perhaps it's better. First let me preface my review by saying that my granddaughter was somewhat happy with her experience. However, being fortunate to have visited Disney World and Disney Tokyo, Disney Paris pales in comparison. The park in many places is run down and in need of a good paint job and wash. Several of the restrooms we used were in very poor condition   very unsanitary and dirty (I pointed this out to several employees and pushed the little  unhappy face  upon my exit). I am a retired military individual and have had to seek mother nature many times in a great variety of locations; some of the Disney restrooms were in worse condition than in some of the worlds ravaged places I have encountered. We spent four days in the two parks and at any given time 25 to 30% of the rides were having  technical problems  (these words must be taught to all Disney personnel because they are used frequently). The real frustrating part is when you are within a couple of feet getting on the ride and then to be told the ride is down because they are experiencing technical problems   this was more the rule than the exception. I will not belabor anymore of the problems we encountered, but I will say that I would have a very difficult time looking at myself in a mirror in the morning having GOUGED the public with the inflated prices for food, drink, and souvenirs.Visited this park for less than a day. Definitely worth getting up early if staying in Disney hotel. However I have no idea what was going on but the reliability of the rides was appalling   I wish i was exaggerating but at one point we actually were walking from place to place trying to find at least one ride that was open. Indiana Jones, Thunder Mountain, Star Tours and Hyperspace Mountain were all closed for several hours. Buzz Lightyear and Orbitron also shut for a while. Peter Pan and Nautilus were closed for maintenance. Pretty dire effort really. Disney is magical but this day was appalling. Never been to a theme park with so many broken rides and attractions. With the prices they charge, they can surely afford more reliable rides!!!We needed a multi day pass just to try and get on all the rides. We came here for our daughters 21st. We had early entry but the queues were still excessive. Food was very pricey. Merchandise everywhere   also very expensive. Also surprised to see so many school age children   hmmmm......Still an enjoyable visit. Just don't like the way Disney tries to 'milk' every visitor!I'll start with the good side, the rides, attractions, shows and characters were all fantastic, and I would recommend all of them. The issues arose out side of these and in the general park area.Firstly this was the first time we had taken my Son, and as a Disney buff, getting him a first visit badge from City hall is quite a big part of this, to find that they had no stock was some what of a disappointment.The upkeep of the park, and general cleanliness was really poor. The toilets in most locations were horrible, with items not restocked.However my biggest issue was the number of people smoking, in queues, outside shops and milling around. The park is badged as no smoking, yet this is clearly not enforced. With small children it is extremely poor practice to allow them to be exposed to second had smoke.Spent 250 euros and got into 5 rides from 10 AM   5 PM. Food queues were also crazy. The rides were good once your in them but we had two that broke down or we're not working (as we got to them after queuing for some time). We won't be back. We went here for two days... The park has it's nice points, but:  entry prices are too high, much higher than other big european parks.  before getting to the fun part you'll have to walk through the commercial area...... you can see it is big business.  you have to stand in line for everything, whether it is for a picture with Donald, a small childrens ride, or a popular ride such as pirates at the carribean.  food quality is poor and prices are high... also not enough healthy food!!.  not that many toilets and the ones that are there are very dirty.We had taken a year subscription before the start of day 1, so we will go again, but not too much and after the subscription ends we do not plan to go again. I prefer the Efteling, no long lines, lower prices and they have very nice rides too.It has been a dream of mine to take our boys to Euro Disney and frankly it was disappointing. Hardly any rides and if there were any worth going on you had to wait forever. Definitely pitched at a younger audience. Also prepare to spend a small fortune if you want to eat there. Highly recommend bringing your own lunch. Don't bother with multi day passes, there isn't enough to do.It pains me to write this review as I had such hopes for this park after hearing the constant rants about it but here it goes...The park is quite similar to the ones in the US in look and design but it totally lacks the Disney magic you come to expect from their parks.No waving from cast members as you walk up main street, no nice smells being pumped into the air, no photographers ready to snap that perfect shot around the park and worst of all smokers EVERYWHERE (outside of their smoking zones included).The cast members themselves were a real treat. Every single one of them were polite and informative. HOWEVER, we witnessed several of them just standing right next to some guests smoking and they didn't say a thing. Its almost as if they have tried in the past and had no success so they just decided it wasn't worth the effort.The rides were what you would expect. Sadly Space Mountain and Pirates were both down and Star Tours featured creepy none moving androids in the line up, but as for everything else it was the usual A  from us.Surprised that the park doesn't have Splash Mountain however. We were told it was because of the weather and I guess that makes sense. You don't wanna be walking around wet when its reaching 5 degrees.There were nice little touches here and there exclusive to this park like below the castle and the Princess dance at the side of the castle.All in all however the park left us wanting so much more and we left with more negatives than positives. :(We shall stick with Magic Kingdom in Florida and Disneyland in California for now.We were quite disappointed with our Disneyland Paris experience I'm sad to say.Having been lucky enough to travel to the original. Disneyland in California on two occasions, we had admittedly set the bar quite high.But our soured experience didn't come from the rides or food in the park. But rather the express service.Paying extra on your ticket offers the bus service from Paris to the park. You're explicitly told to arrive 15min early for collection. Indeed when dropped at the park, your instructed to arrive back 15min early to avoid missing the bus home.The bus there was late, the bus home was late. Whole not greatly, the effect was near on a dozen persons being there on time as instructed, waiting in the cold for bus that they doubted would show.The support contact phone number, doesn't operate during the weekend hours you're picked up. Not overly reassuring.Sadly this express experience really soured our whole park trip. To the point we most certainly wouldn't recommend it to others.Staff at the park were friendly and professional. The food was delicious. The rides were mirror copies of the ones in the states.Dear all,Let me make the process clear. If u r in receipt of PIP DLA or have an access card Disability rail card you CAN get a carer ticket in for free BUT.1. Buy your full price ticket online first about    392. Take that ticket to the disabled ticket stall on left hand side with yr disabled railcard or PIP letter etc amd THEN you will get a free carer pass.DO NOT follow the rubbish guidance on disney site as yesterday we got stung for    72 euro entry for 1 plus a free carer as we bought at the gate.NOW   take your tickets to CITY HALL and ask for a special disabled.pass. This allows you fast access to all.the rides via the exit, with hardly any standing or waiting. This is a family ticket so you can all get quick entry. This is a SPECIAL pass NOT a fast pass which u have to pay for. The SPECIAL pass is free.Note: the carpark is    20. Yes I said it correctly. Head to Disneyland Hotel. Show your disability parking permit when u purchase your car.park ticket, they will give u a ticket with a code on for disability parking which is a stones throw from the park.Extra note: if it is raining the disney.characters dont come out and light parades cancelled and rides shut. They don't care at all and it does not feel very disney at all. Don't go in the rain.Cheeseburger was    22!! Yep. But found pizza place that does a Royale Pizza, side salad big coke and fruit salad. This is    15 for the deal but we thought it would feed to adults. As if u stay.in park until close u r gonna have to eat twice really.Money saving tip:  when u go and see Mickey for a formal.pic, they will take a picture using yr.mobile if u ask or alternatively like any photo taken on a ride you can take a picture of it with yr phone for FREE and is just as good.Its a money grabbing pit. The toilets were diagusting and I mean disgusting. Can not believe this was such an expensive park. I have visited eurodisney when it.opened 25 years ago, on 15th anni.amd yesterday. It has NOT.changed at.all from 25 years ago. There r hardly any signposts which annoyed me. There is another park which you.can pay an additional    5 for. If u have been before to original park I would recommend the new one. Will i go again? Im 45 now so probably not. The rides etc r so much better at Alton Towers or Chessington. With no disney.characters around and rain we should have stayed at home.I was very disapointed by park, i have a disability that i need stick to walk so had fast pass to rides which was good, untill we went on a train which takes you from one part of park to another. Saves walking good i thought. Untill i came across a attendent put us in a place we had to wait for 2 trains on as despite theier being free seats this was because i had a fast pass what was fast i really dont know, than i tried anther train staition this time the attendent was even worse there was loads of emtpy seats but because there were loads of emtpy seats still would not allow me on because there was a red passenger as she refered to disappled pepole. so i asked if i went on as a normal guest she was a jobs worth and still would no allow us so we had to walk not happy at all.Went in 2010 it was expensive then, but it's way over the top now. Paid for half board. Pop up breakfast is not pop up. One morning waited over an hour.The evening meal at the Hotel Cheyenne was one of the worst I have had. The meal at the Arabica was very good but the other two at the Plaza gardens was mediocre. The ladies toilets were horrendous. Not pleasent to use at all. Lunch you are lucky if you get under    40 and that was mass produced, cold and over priced.The thing that disappointed me the most was the cost of clothing etc.    70 for a dressing gown,    50 for a sweatshirt,    25 for a t shirt and the cuddlies are    10 more than over here. Couldn't by any little presents for under    5.People smoking where they liked and not in the designated area's.More security, but I did wonder why they were there. Most of the time the guards were not actually looking at the screen to see what was in your bag as they were chatting or on mobiles.I missed the characters not coming out randomly into the park. Not sure why they don't do that, probably H&S. Only designated areas now and we only saw the usual. That took out the fun.Having said that the 25 year anniversary fireworks were stunning and Mickeys new show was fabEnjoyed trip 7 years ago..very disappointed with this one. My partner and I had been thinking about spending seven days visiting your parks with our four children over Christmas and new year 2017 2018 . Due to one of our children having a diagnosis of ASD (autism spectrum disorder) and ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder) we made an initial visit without the children to make sure it would be suitable for our family of six First impressions approaching the park could only be explained as a child's dream, magical! The staff were very polite, answering any questions we had about the park and worked efficiently at getting everybody into the park as quickly as possible. Again once through the turnstiles the place looked beautiful and very well maintained.It is with great regret to say the magic ended there. We found the park to lack organisation. Each ride we attempted to go on there was a wait of anything from forty ninety minutes. On atleast 3 occasions we were waiting for atleast forty five minutes to get very near the front to be told the ride is closed due to a technical fault. On one occasion we was waiting for 80 minutes! We expected to be offered a fast pass to return later in the day but unfortunately these were not offered. On one occasion when we approached a member of staff to gain a reason to our refusal from yet another ride they lacked the most simple of communication skills and came across unwilling to help with any of our queries this particular member of staff clearly lacked the professionalism we received from the gate staff. Due to our eldest having a diagnosis of ASD and ADHD the waiting times for the rides would be extremely difficult for any child but a child with autism to stand in the queues baring in mind everything is amplified to those with autism the sounds, the smells, the crowds, unwanted bodily contact these ,are just a few to name many anxieties and difficulties my son will face while at your park not to mention if he was refused entry to a ride after waiting such a long time this would result in panic attacks, meltdowns, which of course would ruin our family's experience at Disneyland.After the ordeal of queues we decided to try the 4D cinema experience, the wait to enter wasn't excessive and I must say it was brilliant and the children would have loved it. Unfortunately the negatives on the park far outweigh the positives on this experience. We chose not to wait in any of the character meet and greet queues due to the excessive queue numbers for a one minute experience similar to those of the rides. However if we were with the children they would expect to meet the characters but again we have to our child child's needs into consideration and determine whether he could handle waiting that long for photo, of course he couldn't the waiting times are as long as the rides. To meet the characters is part of the Disney magic and not to have would be extremely disappointing to all children. The only time we saw characters was when they were at, or on their way to the meet and greet point which is not at all like the magical adverts you see where all the characters are walking around the park.Due to been on a tight time scale we didn't have time to dine at any of the resteraunt on the park so we tried one of the fast food establishments you have dotted around the park. The food was basic, no better or worse then your standard fast food except the ridiculous price tag that comes with it, extremely over priced. I wouldn't mind paying the extra as prices are always higher once inside amusement parks etc although better quality of food would be appreciated for such an increase in price! Once we had eaten we seen that people had started gathering around the parade area (more then one hour before starting) so we decided to get a front seat to end the day on a positive. The parade and fireworks were spectacular! Probably the most positive part of the whole experience. It was well worth the wait to ensure a good view however if we had been with the children and with additional needs of ASD the wait to gain a good view would be difficult for an autistic child to do ultimately resulting in yet another negative experience.Christmas at Disneyland is and has always been a dream of ours to experience as a family but I feel a dream is all it could be. Is it worth the   1400 on park tickets for the seven days we had planned to risk the children's disappointment that we experienced when at Disneyland that in essence could spoil their whole Christmas. I entered the park around 11:00 AM, my first stop was the washroom. I immediately regretted that. I was overwhelmed by a disgusting smell even before entering. it wasn't getting better once i was in there. I went to other washrooms in the park throughout the day and all of them were disgusting. Further i would not recommend going during summer vacations because the lines are crazy long and it is impossible to enjoy both parks. The food was oke. The rides were fun. However in my opinion the park needs a lot of improvement compared to the disneylands in U.S.A.We had an easy journey from Kings Cross to Marne la Valee. The security was thorough and made us feel very safe. We stayed at the Newport Bay Hotel, thus allowing us to take advantage of 'magic hours' from 8am   10am. During this period, only Disneyland hotel guests may use the park. In one day, we enjoyed 6 rides (4 during magic hours and 2 with a fast pass). The Peter Pan ride was charming and imaginative   traditional Disney. So too was Small World. Buzz Lightyear was fun and I highly recommend the Mickey and the Magician show in the Walt Disney Studios   it was a lavish West End standard show which the whole family would love.This was the 25th anniversary year but large sections were closed off and there were long queues everywhere. Our express breakfast vouchers (offering a croissant, pain au chocolat, omelette burger, orange juice or hot drink) stated they were valid in 3 restaurants, but we were informed that only one restaurant (next to the Buzz Lightyear ride) was opened. We had to walk 10 minutes to the other side of the park. 6 tills were opened, all doing fast food and the same range of drinks, but we were restricted to the last 3 tills. It took half an hour to get our breakfast. The omelette burger (with egg and bacon) was ok but there were no veggie options till after 11am. Food options all over the resort are greasy and toxic. Fortunately the Star Wars themed seating area was spacious and imaginatively laid out like a lunar landscape   this cheered me up a bit.Several rides were functional, charmless and unimaginative e.g. Teacups and carousel. The atmosphere that I'd found on visits to US theme parks was lacking. I got the sense that the Disney charm found in US theme parks was being downplayed to cater to more 'sophisticated' French tastes. It gave the park a drab atmosphere   functional and mundane.During these summer holidays my family have visited Drayton Manor (inc Thomas Land and amazing zoo) theme park and CBeebies land at Alton Towers. We stayed at the child friendly resort hotels in both cases and had a wonderful experience at both. Both places had manageable queues for small children, an excellent variety of food, plenty of staff to help you and short distances between rides.I'd strongly recommend visiting the UK resorts. I can't understand why Disney didn't choose Spain (better weather and food and more child friendly).The Disney magic has been subdued in 'stylish' Paris.Totally agree with the comments above that DISNEY it,s about time, YOU stop being a rip off and cheating people. I mean even with an annual pass, the parking and everything and the wait times are RIDICULOUS.It is safe to say we did not enjoy our visit. There was a 40 minute queue to get in the car park and then a 50 minute queue to get through security. They were the shortest queues of the day. My son is a huge Star Wars fan which is primarily why we visited, so we headed straight for that area. We queued for the Jedi training to start. There was no explanation of what this was so we assumed it was a ride. No staff there or signs to tell us any different. 90 minutes later we got into the building only to be told unhelpfully to come back at 5.00 and then my son MUST agree to go on stage or he couldn't go in (at which point he was terrified of fighting Darth and fed up). We were livid: we'd spent the entire morning in queues and not even been on a ride (or seen anything Star Wars related). The day got worse when someone had let their child poo, yes poo, on a bench which my son then sat on. We cleaned it up after a 20m queue for the toilet. On the plus side, they were clean. Luckily we bought sandwiches so no queue for lunch . We managed 3 rides in the afternoon. We used the Fastpass so only queued for 20m on the Buzz and Star Wars Simulator rides. These were both great fun and well done. Definitely do Fast Pass although be aware you can only get one at a time so only used 2 all day. The Star Wars parade and the evening parade were enjoyed by the kids (although we could only see the top of the floats due to crowds). If you're only there for one day at a busy time, don't bother with both parks as you won't have time. We wasted money on that. Would've liked to see more characters wandering around and maybe entertaining people in the queues. Disneyland is basically a glorified theme park which is overpriced and too many are allowed in. They need to limit tickets for people to enjoy it. Save your money and go to Thorpe Park or Legoland instead unless you are a die hard Disney fan or love queuing.  I visited Disneyland Paris from August 7 to August 11. The park has great attractions, and although it's smaller than the Orland facility, it does have very fun games. Waiting times are much better than Orlando's; on average we waited for 20 minutes, except for a couple of atttractions where our max waiting time was 75 minutes. My only big complaint is that we rented a stroller at Disneyland Paris and it was stolen at our first attraction. For the hefty 20 dollar tag on the rental stroller I would expect a more sophisticated system to identify strollers. At the rental facility they give you a piece of paper where you write down the toddler's name and rhen you place it in a plastich pouch. We later found out that this piece of paper can easily be taken out of the pouch and then it's impossible to find your stroller back. Disneyland Paris, you can do better than that!!! I highly discourage renting strollers here!!The holiday was supposed to be amazing. And to be fair the restaurants and actual activities were very good. However yet again at a Disney park we found our sons disability not taken very seriously. We had an issue with our entry tickets not working so instead of issuing new ones the chap at the turnstile tutted and struggled to comprehend that we were guests staying till Monday and that the tickets are in date. We then told him our son cannot be standing around this long and he then sent us to a booth to resolve. So we walked there and after 45 minutes of staff nodding their heads at us and looking confused . They finally realised the tickets needed replacing. Now my son had been standing and leaning for support on a railing for over 75 minutes. The que actually jeered at us for causing a long que and we were called names which I shan't repeat.Once they were finished issuing us tickets the staff member rudely told us  do not come back again as I won't help again, and that my tickets will only scan once?  Which is ridiculous as we visit our hotel through the day for breaks and rest time for my son. But now I am told the tickets issued won't allow re entry once leaving the gates. We entered the park at 11:30 and my son was in tears by 11:50 so we returned to the hotel.The whole ordeal was reported to the concierge a number of times and eventually at 17:05 brand new tickets were issued. But by that point we had enough of the embarrassment and my son wasn't able to continue using the park. We got up and left the following day without using the park.People need to understand when a person with disabilities is still or standing too long big problems and pain manifest. The staff knew he had trouble as they issued us a priority pass due to his difficulties so to keep us standing around for 75 minutes and asking us to be running around the parks to sort the tickets out was ridiculous. We will not return again. This was our second attempt at Disney and both failed as a family friendly holiday. Made us feel miserable We always expected to have to que for rides but 25 years of French industrial relations has taken its toll, simple purchases of took half an hour, for fast food plan an hour and table service will take at least 2 hours. I read some mixed reviews and thought I would give it a shot, pretty much regretting it right now as I stand in 1  hour line for Pirates watching people cut left and right. Poorly made lines and staff nowhere to be seen has families jumping over ropes with no shame. Huge lines at every single snack stand. Maybe this park would be better in calmer months but do yourself a favor and skip this one if is anytime during summer months. The whole park is flooded and the magic Disney vibe is stripped. We took our 3 grandsons here last Wednesday (August 2nd). High season, so most expensive tickets, our 1 day pass cost   205 and I really had to hunt for that price. On arrival we had to pay a further 20 euro's for the privilege of parking in the car park which was about 1 2 a mile from the park entrance.Tip, park in the Disney train station car park, its virtually next to the entrance and only costs 16 euros for a days parking. Directions inside the park are very unclear and the park is starting to look and feel dated, there is a leaflet with a vague map of where everything is suppose to be, but no the easiest thing to follow. As expected the queue's were long to say the least, 45 minutes plus for most rides, including the smaller none thrill rides. It took us the best part of a hour to get into the haunted house, only to be assaulted by a ride attendant in the second room, who shoved me in the back as a announcment was telling everyone to move into the centre. As the whole room moves down a level, (not impressed !) We ate in one of the cafe's, from what I saw it was one of the cheapest, but for the 5 of us to eat, it still came to 69 euro's. The final straw was thunder mountain, we queue'd for a 1 hour 15 minutes in sweltering heat, only to be told the ride had broken down and to leave. 3 very dissappointed grandchildren. No Explanation or collect a fast pass on our way out, so we could get a ride on it when they got it fixed.t wasn't a enjoyable day at all, a very poor imitation of the American parks.We took our two boys aged 5 and 6. They were reasonably excited, though not as ecstatic as the TV ad suggested they might be. For me the defining moment was when we were sat in a car in Autopia, queueing to get off a ride we'd already queued 40 minutes to get on. And despite valiant attempts to make the best of it both our boys had had enough by the mid afternoon on the second day and asked if we could leave. To summarise, I felt trapped in a macabre social experiment, in which every moment the Disney machine had hitherto touched my life had been part of some grand plan to manipulate every last Euro from my withering wallet. Maybe I'm no longer target market. Maybe it was the heat. Maybe I was over tired. Or just maybe paying 400 quid to queue 40 minutes each time for four minute rides in what felt like 40 degree heat is an experience to forego!Now I have to say we were two adults with no children. We went for a day of fun. The visit was okay, just very expensive. Long lines and run down rides. Maybe a different experience with kids. I would not recommend for adults unless you love Disney. After having been at the efteling in holland it was a big deseption...  A lot of intereting attractions where closed or...'out of order'...long waiting lines....but hey!the weather was niceEverything is much more expensive than it should be considering the ticket price.  Only two parks, noise, queues, crowds everywhere. Oh and you may have to queue unprotected from the rain !  Overall an experience, but expensive, next time back to Florida!Unfortunately our expectations were to high. We thought that we will have a wonderful time in such a great park. I can say that it was waist of money 288 euro for entrance and had to wait hours in long queues to meet Micky or to have a ride. My opinion is that the park is a shopping market with huge prices. Drove 5  hours to Paris to take kids to Disneyland. Access to park was in good organization (long walk though for kids), but the number of people was toooooo much! My kids hardly got a chance to have decent rides. Waiting times ranging between 45 minutes and 2 hours. Unfortunately, we have paid a lot to travel and get to the park only for their disappointment as they couldn't stand the long lines and the high temperatures. Why kids don't take priority in the rides? Why families with infants don't get priorities? If you are allowing to many people in, then would you increase the number of  good  attractions to split time over them?I would stick for NL famous park  Afteling  next time to have better family quality fun and time.A couple of things I would have wanted to know before visiting Disneyland Paris: First, get a  Fast Pass . There was no such thing in the online ticketing system and we learned too late that we could have skipped 45 minute lines to attractions. The app shows wait times for all attractions.Second, book a table for a restaurant in advance if you want anything beyond junk food. Towards the early evening the decent looking restaurants were fully booked.Third, getting tickets for both parks proved a mistake. After endless lines for attractions (15 45 min waits), ice cream (45 min wait), lunch (30min wait), dinner (30 min wait) we never made it even close to the second park.Our 5yo daughter loved the parade and mustered impressive patience during the visit (that was all the magic I saw). Perhaps July is simply the wrong time to visit.Went to Disneyland paris with my 6 yr old daughter 1st week of July and we definitely wont be back. Almost all the rides are for very young children, the queues are ridiculous for such rubbish rides and the amount of adults with no children taking up spaces on the rides was unacceptable. get a life! there werent enough rides that had fastpass availible either.people were also super rude, pushing and shoving and i witnessed 2 grown men in their 30s or 40s screaming and swearing in each others faces over a place in a queue, neither appeared to have children with them. food is awful, had to pay 2    each for bananas for my fruit mad daughter, everything is extremely overpriced for the quality. queues for characters were always really long, i expected to see characters out and about and cant understand why there arent? paid extra for character breakfast, ppl not waiting their turn and jumping in when the character came to my daughter who had sat and waited like she was told, i had photopass but no photographer at the character breakfast so i had to hurriedly take pics myself before they moved on. good points were Mickey and the magician, stitch live, buffalo bills wild west show, aerosmith rock n roller coaster which my 6 year old loved and went on twice, tower of terror, ratatouille and thunder mountain. the thunder mesa river boat was nice too. Glad we went only because now i know we arent missing anything!I recently visited both parks over four days on the first week in July 2017. I had been in 2008 and returned in 2017 cause of my great experience in 2008. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the lengthly queues you were expected to stand in with small children. Some queues were up to two hours, to me this was just another money maker for disneyland as a professional photographer took the photo. When I had been previously in 2008 the princesses and the characters walked freely around the parks and there was lots of opportunities for them to stop and talk to children and get photo. I visited park at 10am one day and by 2.30pm had waited to see 3 characters princess's, It was unnecessary and could of been avoided if more princesses where available to walk around park Without having to stand in queues . The security wasn't any better, your lucky the security asked me to open my bag twice over the four days. I witnessed a security man shout at a lady who had a knife down her top, he told her if she done it again he would phone police. To me this was very distressing and police should have been told, police with gun's and dogs were within a shout of the security man in question. This made me feel very uncomfortable. Very disappointing visit for me and my young children and olderly in laws. Wouldn't recommend, next time I will save more money and take my children to florida.Disneyland World   a place that is world renowned for delivering plenty of Disney fun. So how does its European equivalent in the land of liberty, equality and fraternity compare to the original in the land of opportunity? A recent visit enabled an interesting comparison, and the score card is not promising:1. Disneyland park and rides: how did my favourite rides match up to their counterparts in the U.S.? Not easy to ascertain... pirates of the Caribbean   closed for repair; A small world : closed for refurbishment ; space mountain (or rather their exciting new ride Hyperspace Mountain)   sounded promising given the screaming going on while we were waiting in the queue, however the ride broke down for the 2nd time that day 20 mins into our wait   so we were told to come back later.... At least the Haunted Manor did not disappoint (and was open, which was a bonus). 3 out of 4 of our favourite rides open   strike 1.2. Fastpass    Board within a matter of minutes  is how this service is described on the eurodisney website. The waiting time for our ride was 50 mins, so we showed up with our fastpass tickets at the allotted time and were in the queue for 40 mins... define  fast . Strike 2.3. Food and drink in the park   many reviews are already out there complaining about the   6 drinks and   10 sandwiches, so we won't repeat the overstated; let us instead focus on where you can consume these overpriced items. We were lucky enough to visit Eurodisney in brilliant weather and noticed several nice spots where we could sit down with our drinks and which were surprisingly empty   mystery solved: we tried to bring food and drink to the outdoor tables only to be told that food and drink were only sold to be consumed in the dark rooms that were the indoor dining spaces. Perfect on a cold winters day   not so good when wanting to take advantage of the sunshine. Strike 3.4. Disney hotels. My husband was there for a conference so my daughter and I tagged along for 2 nights. The New York hotel was our appointed hotel and as such a special check in lane has been designated for the members of this conference   but just the one lane out of 6 in the check in area. With more conference participants lining up to check in at the time we arrived than there were regular guests, the check in process was long and arduous as just one person was there to check everyone in and hand them their welcome packs. Some welcome. Strike 4.5. The room: more specifically cleaning thereof. I could say that I cannot comment as during our 2 night stay we saw no evidence of cleaning and did not see the maid once. No wait   we did see the trolleys in various parts of the corridors, however our room did not get made up. Granted, on the first day we did not leave the room until after 10am   this had never been a problem in other hotels so the next day we tried a different approach   leaving the hotel room earlier. Sadly this was no more effective and we returned yet again to a room of unmade beds and damp towels. The problem might be the  do not disturb  sign which is left on the door as we spent half an hour in the room after breakfast getting ready to visit the sights. On the third day with the conference being in full swing, my husband was out of the room by 8am. He returned to the room at noon for a shower and change of clothes (by which time the room still had not been done) and at that time put on the do not disturb sign... the maid fairies had obviously been lying in wait, as they chose that precise hour, noon to 1pm, to pounce and attempt to clean the room. They changed back into pumpkins at precisely 1.01 pm, so unfortunately he managed to notch up yet another day of no bedding or towel change. A call to reception revealed that there is no set time for the maid to pass, but once she has done your area that is it   she will not return that same day. No clean towels nor made up beds for 3 nights. Strike 5.6. The bathroom: the New York hotel is themed, as the name indicates, after the big apple. Pictures of skyscrapers adorn the rooms and halls, and in the bathroom a rather worn looking shower curtain is emblazoned with the NY Mets logo. Now while I do enjoy a good baseball game, if I want to see their emblem on my skin a tattoo might be an option   rather than the feeling of a cold wet shower curtain sticking to you (as well as every other previous users) while you shower. Haven't shower curtains been replaced with glass partitions in most good hotels? Strike 6.7. On the subject of bathrooms, I was eager to try out the ubiquitous array of free toiletries which are usually on offer in good hotels. But wait   there were none. Just a Mickey Mouse themed bottle of body lotion. Why only body lotion I wonder... does the stay leave you with dry body skin as well as frayed nerves... or does the shower curtain annoy patrons so much that they do not stay long enough to wash their hair? To make matters worse, on the before last day (when the room was finally visited by the cleaner) our handy travel size Bulgary soap (brought along especially for when hotel room soaps run out and are not replaced...) vanished from the bathroom. God giveth   and God taketh away... Strike 7.8. The hotel bars: we tried 2 different hotels in the resort and in both places you need to make sure that you have plenty of time set aside to enjoy the experience and that you polish off your dance moves as  wave your hands in the air like you don't care  is the only way you will get served. Still unsure as to what topic of conversation behind the bar kept the bar staff so enthralled, but at least we got an upper body workout.. strike 8.9. Minibar   do not make the mistake we did by removing anything from the fridge   they are automatically charged to your room within seconds of being removed from their sensor pads. Like Indiana Jones in the famous scene from raiders of the lost ark, we removed a drink from the fridge to take a closer look at what kind of water was being charged at   4 a bottle, but unlike Indy we did not had a bag of sand of equal weight to quickly replace on the sensor pad, and a call to reception confirmed that we had been charged for the item(s) removed. With no free bottles of water laid on for guests in the room like so many hotels do, Indiana Jones' worn water gourd looked better and better... Strike 9.It is however not all doom and gloom   unlike the maid service, the minibar checkers come to the room daily, without fail, to tally up and replace as need be any overpriced beverages that have been consumed. A call to reception to request clean towels is swiftly followed though with a member of staff bringing these to the room within 10 minutes. They did not enquire as to why we needed these so I assume that the lack of maid service means that requests for clean towels occurs on a regular basis. And finally, when the hotel restaurant is unavailable to guests as it has been booked out for various functions, they are quick to recommend and book other restaurants in the resort   with main courses starting at no less than   25....The only people having fun at Disneyland Paris these days are the ones sitting behind the tills.... If you can't say something nice, say nothin' at all... . Sorry Bambi.Unanimous disappointment during our recent European trip was was Disneyland Park. Well over 50% of the buildings were either selling food or goods, so actually not much to see. Whatever rides there were, had 30 to 90min wait time, fast pass got you onto a ride quicker however this would only occur several hours after obtaining the FP and only one FP allowed per 2 hours, whole experience was major disappointment.I traveled with my 7yo & 11yo daughters whom said Disneyland Park was a major disappointment, we would never go back!Know from the start that this giant development exists for one thing and one thing only...to collect as much of your money as possible in one day and it is clear every step that you take and making money is the key factor in the overall design and layout. The food is insanely overpriced  8 Euros for a hot dog, 25 Euros for a burger..coke 3.5 euros but there is zero competition so they can charge what they want. Be sure to buy passes before arriving as buying at the gate is waaaay more. We bought our passes and tried to get them printed there...no luck or help with that. On average, I would rate the service at 2.5 out of 10...most staff couldn't give a crap of any kind and seemed to want to do anything except talk to you or god help, actually assist you. There were a few decent folks along the way, but nothing higher than 6.5 out of 10 at the very best. Finding a washroom is not easy...they are far away and extremely poorly marked, which is a challenge for younger kids. The lines werent too bad and the fastpass idea works ok for a couple rides per day. The place is basically a large shopping mall dressed up a bit..there is nothing original or unique about the place..its a gaudy mess of claptrap meant to lure the spenders into any room or activty that then push you to buy photos of everything and or spend time in the enormous gift shops that are everywhere. It really is more a mall than anything else. My kids did enjoy many of the rides and the lightshow and fireworks and music at 11pm was quite amazing and everyone enjoyed that. We spent one long day here and that was lots for us..two days would have been too much and too expensive. After spending 11 hours there we saw three characters total.. a pincochio and two squirrels of some kind...broke my kids hearts to not see any of the big characteris like MIckey or Minnie or any of the million or so possibilities. We did enjoy the chance to meet Darth VADER in person in one exhbit that was nice but we couldn't use our own camera but of course could buy a professional one printed. The metro is a fantastic option to get there and back to our place in Paris. I could easily never go back and be happy but it was a good experience for my kids.Visited here with my young family and was not as great as should have been due to not employing enough staff to deal with the amount of people that come through the gatesCompared to HK Disneyland, Paris Disneyland was very disappointing. Even our children 6 & 8 voiced their concerns as we went around park. Too many line up's, the fast passes do not work effectively. Limited English communication with some staff and quite abrupt. Very expensive. Not much shade and therefore on sunny days be ready to get burnt !You are in Paris and you decide to rush to Disneyland for a day trip. Expectations vs. reality.1. Is it easy to go by train from Paris? Yes. Easy and cheap (45 minutes and 15    round trip)2. The two parks are very clean and the venue is very well maintained.3. Yes, there is an app for your mobile phone but NO, THERE IS NO WIFI anywhere around the parks. If you can't afford 4G roaming, forget the app.4. If you have data on your phone, you expect to pick your fast passes through your app but NO, YOU CANT. You must walk and pick your paper ticket by hand. The app is only useful for watching the waiting times in each ride.5. Fast passes are very scarce, so today by 2pm ALL FAST PASS MACHINES were closed!! If you are lucky and you show up very early, you will get 1 or 2 fast passes at most.6. You are ready to enjoy the most popular rides in each park but NO. Today the two MAIN RIDES of Disneyland Park (Pirates of the Caribbean and the new Hyperspace Mountain) were closed for refurbishment. That caused an overloading in all the other attractions with waiting times longer than 70 minutes in most rides.7. We suffered 3 temporary ride closures for mechanichal issues in a day (two at Hollywood Tower and one at Star Tours)8. Finally, restaurants are not very expensive as they say ( 15     for a fast food meal) . And there' s a Mc. Donalds in Disney Village with usual prices (for Europe).All in all we enjoyed only 4 rides in our 9 hour stay Went here on a weekday in summer. Not in school holidays. There was a lot of rides closed (Pirates of the Caribbean, Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain, the Chapparal theatre). Of the rides that were open, there were HUGE queues. Minimum of 50 min, mostly in the hot sun. The queues just to get the  fast  passes were about 1 2 hour. And fast passes were turned off by about 2:30pm on at least three of the rides that we saw (keep in mind the park is open until 11pm). Even the queue for the merry go round was about 1 2 hour! We thought we'd go on the Railroad, but we're told that even the wait for that was an hour (!!??). The rides themselves didn't look that great anyway, compared to any theme park in Australia. No big rollercoasters (in the Disney Park. We didn't go to the studios). Maybe geared towards smaller kids. But I couldn't imagine spending a day queuing for so long with small kids. What was open though was the shops. So. Many. Shops. So many ways to spend your money on overpriced merch. So many restaurants too. The whole place seems to be geared towards getting people to part with their money. Even the entry gates had been closed in such a way that, on leaving you are funnelled past another Disney store on the way to the train station (the gate we came in from the train station was open to walk out, but signed  Cast only  for no apparent reason). The tickets are waaaay overpriced. 79    day if you buy at gate. 399    for a season pass. I will say the grounds and surrounds are lovely. But this is Europe and there are so many beautiful real places to visit for free. Just go see Neuschwanstein Castle itself (which is what Disney castles are modelled after) for a better experience. We had high hopes for Disneyland. I always wanted to go when I was a kid, but never could. Took my kids here and we were all disappointed. Just returned from five days here. I was with a friend and her 4 year old daughter so we were mainly concerned with the rides for younger children. The rides were as expected and the best part was the Micky magician show which was full of magic and everyone really enjoyed that. The minus was the lack of service and customer care. It was over 90 degrees each day and on the second day we went to the ice cream parlour at around noon and found it shut, a member of staff said it would open at 1.30, a second person said one o'clock and then it was opened at quarter to one after a family of five had just been told it wasn't opening. The third day we were told the ice cream parlour wasn't opening til 3.30 in the afternoon. There were little stalls selling ice lollies but it wasn't the same. We went to go on the Aladdin ride but it was closed with technical difficulties, the same with the Pinocchio ride. So keep your plan flexible as not all rides available when they say they will be open. The same with restaurants   not all restaurants are open each evening so our plans had to change. Very different experience to Florida mainly due to staff attitude andfacilities not being open. Being a passholder to the American parks i was hoping for the same beautiful experience. I was sorely disappointed. Smoking is freely accepted. Which I feel is awful. The cast members are as equally as rude as the guests. Bad bad bad!I travelled with my daughter and 8 year old grandson, staying 3 nights. We arrived early evening and decided to keep going and stay for the night show at the castle, starts at 11pm but get there early to bag a good spot. The show was remarkable and the highlight of our trip. My grandson loved everything about the Park, despite the searing 30 degree heat! Queues are long, especially to see the characters, mostly without any shelter, difficult for people with very young children. The Park was small, compared to Florida, but enough for my grandson, ( and me!)The parade at 5pm lasted 12 minutes! Again, get your spot early, especially with young children.Two days was more than enough, to visit all the different parts of the Park, plus the studios. Lots of rides for little ones, but I think teenagers would be bored, as there are not many big rides. The toilets were filthy, take wipes with you. I only saw one water fountain, but plenty of stalls where you could buy drinks. Neither the toilets or water fountain are signposted.You may want to consider buying priority passes, to avoid hour long queues. I'm glad we took my grandson, he loved it, but I wouldn't return. I'd rather go to Florida next time.First, shows here is not as good as Tokyo Disney or even Hongkong Disney which at least has Lion King. Second, no exciting parade.Third, popcorn boxes' quality is much worse than the ones sold in Disneyland Japan. The varieties are also less.Fourth, the guests are less enthusiastic compared to local Japan guests. In Tokyo disneyland, I ever saw old lady danced during the show. But there is also good side. Queuing here is much shorter than in Japan. Fifth, people are smoking everywhere in Disney Paris even parents who bring kids.We went to Tokyo disneyland 30th anniversary in 2013 which was so impressive that make me come back again 2 times. Everytime we came, we spent time at least 2 days from morning until the firework. But in Paris, we just spent 5 hours and one day is enough. For an anniversary year I found it hard to believe that one of the best rated attractions was closed. Pirates of the Caribes. The never ending queue still amazes me, they have just gotten worse since I first visited the park en LA 35 years ago. I guess the greed rules. With little news and a noise level of the box music that I hope hell will not provide if I go there.Well something positive as well. The staff 100%, cleanliness 99% and a well maintained park.We had a heat wave, lovely and sunny, charged    3 for small bottle of warm water, over priced food and massive queues, not helped but endless 'technical difficulties' 9 rides over the 5 days broke down, some again and again. Aerosmith roller coaster 3 times, studio tour bus 2 times, plus loads more,. To top that my pregnant daughter was told on the last day hours before leaving she could have had a pass to avoid the queues, instead she queued for 2. 5 hours for a photo with Bell, only to have another pregnant women ump the queue in front of her, that when she found out, when others complained on her behalf. She is six months and clearly pregnant. Also she paid    75 for 3 photos separately and then found out 3 together was    50. Even the directions on the Disney website are wrong. Exit junction 14 for the parks. Their are some good rides but it had gone down hill on quality and customer service, rude staff in one of the shops, giving me a hard time because I was taking to long to be served. I was ready to quit the holiday. Very upsetting. There are loads of soldiers and security checks. My thoughts, over priced hype, rude service on more than one occasion and I was being nice and wish I now should have complained but I was with my little granddaughter and granddads have to set an example of good manners. Disney at Paris is geared towards Star Wars and if that's your thing it's OK but the constant 'technical difficulties' and endless queues made it a chore rather than a holiday. 6 days in the park and to be honest I was glad to going. The last ride I went to go on the river boat paddle boat so I could chill out before driving to the ferry had 'technical difficulties'. Would I go again, no, would I recommend it, no. Save up and fly to the USA one. Ok Disappointment was an understatement, characters were not child friendly, disabled passengers not told blue badge required to gain a pass for rides. No itinerary for shows and parade. Waiting time for rides for young children were up to 1 hour.prices are ridiculously expensive ie bella dress    70 in park,   12 in asda. Total rip off for what's available.Fast pass works ok for certain attractions (you scan your ticket and you get another timed ticket) but can only be one at a time. In weekends, even for most basic attractions there is a 1 hr queue.The park is very beautiful though and the buildings well made and with attention to detail.Honestly the park is well maintained and could be excellent they just don't have enough walkthrough attractions to spread the crowd out. Waiting 55mins for a 1.5min orbitron ride!! 1hr for a steam train ride?!? They are taking the Mickey, literally. Also there must be an EU ruling somewhere that prevents inflating prices several fold over the rrp... 1 day two rides even using fast pass. Total joke.A great place to spend one day with kids, family and friends . But if I compare it with Disneyland California, this park was small with fewer rides and attractions. Someone visiting Disneyland park for the first time would love it but for us, since we had seem the Disneyland California, this was an average stuff. Also found the staff to be less courteous than their counterparts in California. Would like to point one particular incident which left a bad taste. We were standing in queue for a ride and it started to rain heavily. We decided to come out of the queue as the ride was in open and we did not wanted to get wet. After coming out of the queue, we were waiting at the ride entrance with kid for the rain to slow down before we can go somewhere. There were other families with kid too waiting. However the one staff lady came and started saying in a pretty rude tone that we cannot stand there . We are blocking the entrance . I understand we were blocking the entrance which under normal circumstances would have not done, if it wasn't raining heavily. Also due to rain there was no one coming in for that ride anyways. But still the lady staff did not budge and started again saying in angry tone to all kids and family to move away to somewhere else.We had to come out in rain with kid and look for some other shelter. In that process we all got wet. Something which we did not expect at Disneyland. In comparison the staff at Disneyland California were very helpful.Arrived and entered the park mid afternoon to find that the majority of the rides were closed due to an impending storm, that arrived several hours later. Had we been informed of this before entering the park we would have saved the admission for another day.There were no characters wandering the park something I had imagined and thought would happen. The disney princess waltz was also cancelled. However, the audience were notified at the start time and not before!I feel our four year old granddaughter's words summed it up at later that night  When are we going to Disneyland Nana! I went there last Saturday with my friends. We decided to buy a photopass to register the moments at the breakfast with the characters and in some rides. The staff member at the shop guaranteed that would have loads of professional photographers around but we didn't see any.No photographers at the breakfast and just a couple of rides with the service. Two of them not even operating that day. Result we spent 60 euros for 10 pictures.We tried to talk to a member of staff but he didn't show much interest and just sent us to the city hall that was at the other side of the park and it was packed so we gave up.We asked directions to a show and another member of staff said the show was over and it hadn't even started yet. After over an hour in two of the biggest attractions they had technical problems and didn't bother to give us even a fast pass to come back later... staff said that we have to come back later and queue again.Disneyland Paris never again!It's better go to Orlando... I've been there 2 times before and never had a problem. On a hole had a great day great rides have been to the American Disney as well so I can now give give good feedback Disney now has a app that can navigate u around also tell u times for waiting for rides which are totally false do not believe was is on them 5 minutes will turn to 30 minutes food prices also expensive and the worst of all which made me give a low rating was the rude stafff there not one but all is this a French thing customer service was appalling this put dampener on day we are the paying customer that keeps your job when this happens it turns great day into bad day It has a good atmosphere. My kids enjoyed the day, but really, they are charging a lot of money for people to stand in line. We were there over Easter and the queues were crazy. Stood for 30 minutes to get a coffee and had to abandon. Some rides closed, and one had an 85 minute queue. Their Fastpass scheme failed on the day. Most were closed by lunchtime. 65 minutes to meet Mickey Mouse for a photo? And people queueing. I would say the repeat business here is tiny. Go once if you have to.......Disneyland Paris is a total let down     my bubble has truly been popped. Disneyland Paris has been on my wish list for 3yrs and I was left very disappointed. Pros    I got to buy mini ears    Time spent with family    Several friendly staff     A decent chicken and chip meal that was fairly priced Cons    Queues for some rides were 90mins    The fast track system was oversubscribed     we were told the earliest we could come back was 9pm (we asked at 1pm) others were available 10am the following day    Several rides broke down and were out of service for approx.. 30mins (if this happens wait hoover around as it means you can be first on when it reopened)     There are no characters walking around interacting with us (especially as you pay the highest priced ticket for Easter Sunday)    We purchased our tickets online which avoided the ticket line ( phew as I heard the queue was 45mins)    No atmosphere of fun  happiness  smiles etc   . it was heart breaking to see young kids looking fed up and disenchanted     The parade was good but very short and did not have enough characters or a sense of magic The money you spend to come here is best spent saving for a trip to Disneyworld Florida which is amazing!We visited on the 29th of April for a hen party visit. Very disappointed that nearly all the major rides were not operating. Big thunder mountain, Space mountain, Indiana Jones and Pirates of the Caribbean ( which we did know about) were not working and all the other rides had very long queues due to the closures. The Disney studio was slightly better but some waits were very long. This would not happen in America!Had been hearing about disney as beimg the place to be with children. We went for a day to the park last week. Queues were terribly longer than the ride itself. We didnt go on the daring rides but the other rides are not v exciting or worth waiting in d queue for. We enjoyed it's a small world and buzzlight. The shows were ok. The parade at 5.30 looked ok but people filed to watch it from before 5 so we didnt see much.My younger ine was disappointed that frozen was nowhere to be seen, neither activities related to her (notwithstanding that frozen merchandise was everywhere). Frozen appeared merely at d wnd of d parade.There are two shops and restaurants for every ride.... Overpriced compared to the attractions  located very far expensive to travel to and fro even if opt for the cheapest mode RER. Full day waste. Attractions below standard. Too many shops selling Disney merchandise at exorbitant prices. Strict NOHaving been to Disney elsewhere I knew what to expect but was disappointed nonetheless. There are only four good rides at the park and on the day we went two of them were closed for reconstruction. That really isn't fair, only one should be done at a time considering the costs involved for tickets and travel. It also had the knock on effect that the lines were extra long.The food choices are truly awful. An embarrassment for France. Again, big lines, slow service and the prices just ridiculous.    3.69 for a small bottle of water   and that's the cheapest thing you can buy. At their steak restaurant (which we did not go to but I looked at the menu and read reviews of) the prices were similar to a fine restaurant in Paris. And yet you would get the  thrill  of bad service and overpriced mundane food. Overall the day was OK, the sun was shining and youngest child enjoyed it. I would suggest that people try the Asterix park instead.As you can read elsewhere the main issues are:1) rides closed often and unexpected due to technical problems2) many of the staff are not engaged and at times outright rude3) the lines for many attractions can be more than an hourIt can be a great place however in my opinion management needs to act on the issues mentioned. The response that you see as reaction to the reviews on TripAdvisor are that the feedback is appreciated and will be passed on to the respective teams. In my view this will not make things better, the park seems to have a serious management problem. We encountered some very nice staff but the majority is not doing a good job. The fact that so many attractions need to close points at some maintenance backlog.Is it worth to visit, probably yes as it has lots of fun rides both for younger and older kids. VIP Entrance tickets can only be obtained if you stay at one of the Disney hotels. So if there is no availability in these hotels you are stuck to stand in the line. If you come on a weekend you need to be prepared to do 3 or 4 rides per half day. Patience is needed. When we complained we received a few tickets that allowed us to jump the queue. Very nice but really I prefer to have a great time without the need to complain.I have already visited Disneyworld and I am disappointed with Disneyland. Everything is doubled in French, even the 25th year old night show... Are the French people the only visitors?!?Even worse when you buy food or ask for infos and some of the Disney workers don't speak English. That should be a must...I am a pretty regular Disneyland visitor and thus spent quite some money there already. Last week we went again with the family and I must say.. if this would be the first time I would say: crappy park. as a hotel guest you can 'enjoy' the extra hours (8 10am) of magic. unfortunately only one real attraction is open at that time which causes normal delays at the waiting line (up to 30min). then.. you can't get into most parts of the park to enjoy that extra magic, so with the rest of the 'normal' people, you have to wait to be able to enter Frontierland, where they have one of their best attractions (Big Thunder Mountain). as soon as they 'release' us, people start running as wild dogs to this attraction, only to find... TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES. I mean.. can't you warn us while we are waiting there that it would be useless to run? or.. having a new cool app, maybe show it on the app that the attraction is undergoing problems. Last time I was there the Big Thunder Mountain was having technical problems for 1 out of 2 days. Now again, 2 out of 3 days it was having problems.. This is one of the star attractions of the park, how difficult can it be to keep it running?? they advertise with their 25th birthday and they do mention that Pirates of the Caribbean is closed (I think Space Mountain is mentioned as well), which is already 2 big attractions less. Add to that 2 other attractions (Pinocchio was also closed ALL day!), what do you get? All people have to wait in line in fewer attractions, which leads to long waiting lines (85min is not strange). So please Disney, bring the magic back. Or we won't be coming back.We trekked out to Disneyland Paris via Paris metro then train. We had purchased tickets online in advance, but there were issues with the machines and had to get into a longer line to ask customer service for assistance. Once inside, it was an average Disney experience. This park does not offer the option of Fast Track passes to use all day. All ticket holders are given the option to obtain one single fast pass ticket to one ride and you should do this as soon as you get into the park. For all the other rides, it was on average a 1 hour wait to get on. We waited one hour at the Thunder Mountain ride only to be told they had to shut the ride down. Space Mountain was completely closed. We waited 40 minutes to try and ride the train around the park. The gates closed as it was full and we were told the next train would be 25 minutes. When we tried to do lunch, all the restaurants required reservations or had a 45 minute wait. We ended up having average hot dogs at a quick food offering. The souvenir shops were nice, but did not offer many souvenirs with the Disneyland Paris logo. They did have all the standard Disney souvenirs, just not many saying Paris on them. I would rate this experience as below average   average particularly since Disney World seems to do things so much better if you plan for it. Here not so much.It was a nice atmosphere with a good experience but not really that much to do compared to the Hollywood Studios park next door .The park is very big, spent four days there and thought that was adequate time. The queues are very long around 45min to an hour each time. The worst thing about here is all the people smoking, I never once seen a member of staff ask anyone smoking to put it out and remind them it is a no smoking theme park with designated smoking areas, please Disney think of the young children and reinforce your policy!If the Disney trademark wasn't part of the park no one would pay 79    to get in. Easter Sunday 2017, two major venues (Pirates, Star wars) closed. Spooky manor broke down, reopened 1h later. Thunder mountain train broke down in the afternoon  didn't reopen till we left. No Wifi access.Yes it is beautiful.Yes you leave with good photos. But it is terribly overpriced. The most interesting activity is buy presents so you can say  been there, done that.  Do NOT forget to use the fastpass machines. If available. If not  out of order .Choose the venues you like and go get fastpass tickets. They will save you a lot of time and frustration.Or choose to do something else for the day. Paris is so wonderful it's a waste of time to spend a whole day at Disneyland!Disney is a magical place except when the french become involved. You have to queue for everything including ALL vending area's. They appear to have very only 1 person serving and the coffee machine takes at least 3 mins per cup of coffee tea. the signage about the place is appaling. If you want to see the characters then there is nothing that tells you where to go and when, the majority of the people speak little or no english, unless they are just being difficult.If you go to a ride then what ever wait time it shows then add at least 15 20 to it as they appear to be unable to give an accurate indication of the wait time.We arrived on Eurostar and thought we could walk to the Disney hotel but yet again NO SIGNAGE. We waited at our hotel for the shuttle but when it arrived it was full, so we decided to walk to the station only to find that the security staff withij the park dont like large cases, they would prefer you go by shuttle.Would I go back, it is 23 years since we last went, NO. the people are rude and they dont like queing.What can they do to improve it 1) get better signage2) provide accurate programmes( with all the relevant information that vistors would like , rather than trying to look at 2 different ones3) provide more sellers at the vending area's4) send everyone on a customer service courseThe park is very small with long line ups. We did the 2 parks in 1 day ticket and can honestly say that it can be done because long line ups of some attractions made you keep walking. The other thing that was very bothersome were the people smoking everywhere. I get it that it's a European thing and that smoking is widely accepted in public places. But smoking while waiting in line with the kids? There are designated smoking areas but smoking rules are not enforced. I was looking forward to the 25th Anniversary celebration but at the end of the day ... I didn't think it was worth it to spend time here.For anyone that has been to another Disney park, this place will be a big let down. First off its very difficult to plan a trip here as the web has no current maps, and its very hard to find information on the rides, restaurants and other items before arriving. When you get here yes the park is stunning. We went to both parks for a full 12  hours. The problem is that even though (when we went in April) there are already several major rides closed down, we waited in line for other attractions that then broke. For most of the day there were 6  major attractions (Pirates, Crush, Space Mountain, Rock n Roll coaster, Big Thunder, Buzz) that were all broken or shut down. This drives ALL the other rides to wait times of 90 120 min. You aren't going to ride many rides at that pace! The food is truly dreadful, and places that say they have a certain food or drink simply  run out  of chicken, or beer and you can't get it anymore. Or they close down for no reason in the middle of the day. Then if you want to buy anything in the shops the lines were 30  people deep with one cashier working. We found this in 3 shops on our way out. Why would anyone stand in line for an hour to buy something?In the end this park seems to be VERY POORLY managed and I would never go back.There are many things that are great about Disney Parks. We have visited Disneyland Paris many time in the past, but not for a while (last time was 20 years ago). This time was a visit with my 3 year old grandson.The cast members (staff) on the whole were always curtious and as helpful as they wanted to be. Even the sarcasm was served with a smile!However, all the good is undone by the lack of challenging the poor behaviour in the park. You will always be surrounded by excited children, and you accept it. However, surrounded, knocked over, pushed, kicked and abused by teenage groups on school trips, while teachers and cast members look on is not acceptable.This is not the only unchallenged behaviour. Smoking is a real issue. I am not anti smoking, it is everyones choice. However, I would like to move to areas designated as non smoking, which I do. But many guest ignore the no smoking signs and light up anyway. In queues for rides, in queues of food or meeting characters, in children's play areas, walking around and even leaning on no smoking signs whilst lighting up.The problem isn't the guests. Most smokers on the continent are ignorant and wouldn't care. The problem is the cast members that allow this behaviour to go unchallenged.If you have issues with behaviour that is not challenged and is likely to ruin you holiday. Don't book Disneyland Paris. Save up the extra few pounds and spend a week in Florida. There, this behaviour is unacceptable and has seen guest escorted off the park.Came to Disneyland Paris thinking I could finally tick one more Disneyland off my list (I've been to Disneyworld, Disneyland Anaheim, Disney Hong Kong and Disney Tokyo) but it was a terrible experience. Not only were most of the big attractions (Hollywood Studio Tour, Pirates of the Carribean, Space Mountain, etc) closed during my visit, most of the eateries were closed as well which meant that I was left hungry for most of my first afternoon at the park.We made reservations at some of the expensive table service restaurants hoping to get decent meals but left grossly disappointed. Stay particularly clear of Bistrot Chez Remy. The parks did not enforce the no smoking except for designated areas rule as strongly as other parks, which made the experience rather unpleasant.Felt like the park wasn't as safe   especially on the Indiana Jones ride. Also, pickpockets operate (and I was an unfortunate victim). We arrived in Disneyland knowing which rides we wanted to do, having been there separately before. These were all of the top  must see  rides but discovered that many of these were currently closed for refurbishment or plain just not working.We understand that this is probably the only time during the year (off peak) that maintenence can be carried out but nonetheless were still left a little disappointed. This is an overall impression of the two parks and one hotel.We went to the park with our 8 years old daughter on last weekend (March, 10 12th, thinking it's low season) and we came to the conclusion: never again. Europapark is a much better experience.We took the hotel Cheyenne with park tickets formula at 782     for the two nights (  flight).You get a time slot for having breakfast (for us 9:30), nobody answer the reservation phone for the dinner, and buffet food quality is very low (breakfast and dinner).The room was ok (good).Back to the park: the easy pass (entrance at 8h, before official one at 10h) is a joke. Only three activities are open, of which one is under maintenance.Our daughter wanted to do the big thunder mountain. So we waited with hundreds of peoples at the entrance of Frontierland until it opened at 10h, we waited again almost an hour in raw, and just before we could take it, it had a technical problem and they sent every body out! We got a fast pass but valid only for this activity. Since we wanted to go to the Disney Studios after, we couldn't use it.Fast passes are also a joke. We couldn't get any, since there's a limited number.You basically spend the day waiting in line. For the haunted house we waited 50 min, and it's definitely not worth even 15 min of waiting time. They could renew it, expand it, ...Most of all they could add interesting stuff along the line, so that you don't get bored. This is sometimes the case, but only at the last part of the line.We liked the Rock'n'Roller Coaster, but again, 1h 20 min of waiting for two min of emotions...Given the amount of people, the only viable thing they should propose are shows like the stunt one (Moteurs, Action!). It's very well done and 4000 people can watch it at the same time.Considering what we spent and the time we waited we really don't feel it's worth it.Just returned from a weekend here. Sorely disappointed. The weather was torrential rain all weekend (ok   not the parks' fault) but absolutely no provision was made for it.We queued for 2 hours upon entering the park in near hurricane conditions to see Minnie Mouse and were soaked through for the rest of the day. No offer of cover provided while Minnie stood under several parasols to keep dry.PONCHO'S ARE A RIP OFF at    10 euro's each for adult and    8 euro's for kids   TAKE YOUR OWN WET WEATHER GEAR! Mine split on the first day.Signage around the whole park is worse than useless. No signs for toilets or eating places until you are right on top of them and we were wandering around frontierland in the pouring rain trying to find the frozen sing a long theatre because there were no signs until you were almost on top of it! A member of staff even told us it was in the space zone! (half of which was closed by the way!   really!!? lacking in training).The parade and the characters are great   although the 'meet a princess' attraction could be better   2 hours queue to meet a single character, why not have 2 or 3 lined up at the same time?Do yourself a favour, get booked in to 'Mickeys Cafe' in Disney village   to meet half a dozen characters in a single night (although be sure to remortgage your house first!).We travelled Friday to Monday and I spent all day Monday in the hotel lobby on my laptop as I just couldn't face another day in the pouring rain trudging round Disney.SAVE THE MONEY and put it toward a trip to Florida!Paris Disney is expensive (everywhere and everything)   and not worth the effort.We stayed recently for Feb half term in the Davy Crockett hotel, whilst the accommodation was superb we were left disapointed by the park itself and the subsequent attempts to contact Disneyland. For our final day and on many of the previous days we had lots of rides breaking down, this was on top of many rides already being closed for refurbshment. The queues were then long due to the lower number of available rides. I have now e mailed Disneyland three times since my stay with no reply and through Facebook they have relayed that they answer e mails within 2 5 weeks!!Magic has disappeared here at Disneyland Paris as company has got too greedy and allows far too many people into park and you have long queues for everything including toilets. You can't move freely about as so many people roaming about you feel squashed at every area. 60 minute wait times with toddlers and young children for short 2 3 minute rides is useless and at some rides this past week we saw wait times if 90 minutes. Never again. This was our 5th and last visit. WHY have they kept building more and more hotels and let this magical place lose its magic experience. The parks are not big enough to deal with the number of people that are allowed to enter.             I would say moments of magical heaven, plus a large chunk of Hell.The highlight was a meeting with Snow White. She was perfect, genuine warmth and a magical quality about her persona. It was for an old cynical bird (me) beautiful & moving The food here is ghastly. Which is for the French, unforgivable. And the que for rides even now are horrendous To be continued....This park lacks all elements of 'magic', and unfortunately was nothing like Disney World in Orlando. The majority of the staff didn't smile or make us feel like we were experiencing a really special holiday. In Orlando the staff go out of their way to help, yet in Paris there is nothing like that at all. The park was terribly expensive, and the FastPass system seems pointless because you couldn't use the tickets between 1 4pm. Save up for Orlando   you will have a better time!OK let's start with the positives. The booking process through Disney, to include hotel, travel, meal plans an other add ons was very good. However, from there, things not so positive.We live in the digital age. Well we might, but Disneyland Paris clearly don't. We were bombarded by emails helpfully telling us our booking was confirmed, then periodically as our trip drew nearer, reminding us how close it was, and what we should book (restaurants particularly, I'll come back to that).In every email there was a reminder that we must PRINT   our confirmation letter to present at the hotel, and other Disney check in. Incredible   we me must print it, despite having the confirmation on at least 3 different devices. For what it's worth, the 'confirmation letter' seemed to contain a reference but then only tell us how to book restaurants   by telephone. But now we've been I can see why the need to book restaurants in advance was so frequently highlighted.In the confirmation emails it also mentioned the App to download. My instant reaction was 'great   I will surely be able to sign in by entering my booking reference and be able to download my entire itinerary including all tickets'. Alas no, this App just tells helps you navigate around the park and give you real time information on ride queue times. Nothing personalised whatsoever. So away we go, armed with plastic wallets containing travel booking confirmations whilst at least utilising the Eurostar App which does cater for digital tickets. The Eurostar Disney Express experience was a good one, checking in our luggage at the Disney counter in Ashford, receiving all our menu plan vouchers and park tickets, and handing over at the other side, before heading straight into the park which was the big benefit of that service. Of course at the park, we're using small paper tickets which we have to keep safe for 3 days as well as carrying a wallet full of menu plan paper vouchers.After first afternoon at the park we returned to the Hotel (Disney New York Hotel   I'll review that separately). It was 5pm and we spoke with Concierge to book a restaurant for that evening. We were informed that nothing at hotel possible before 9.30pm and earliest we could get elsewhere in our meal plan was 9pm, which is late for our 5 year old   especially after a long day. We learnt very quickly and booked all our meals for the remainder of our stay at that time.Now....anticipating the answer being along the lines of we were warned to book restaurants in advance (by phone), my wife is a vegetarian with a mushroom allergy. But of course the menu's for the restaurants aren't even available on the really helpful App, so it's actually quite difficult to book in advance   and especially when you don't know what menu you can pick from at each restaurant with your meal plan. Really the information you get is quite appalling.To the parks themselves. Maybe I didn't read the small print properly, but we understood that as Disney Hotel guests we got access to the parks between 8am and 10am before the general public arrived. The reality is that only one park is open for that, and of that park, only half of that is open, and of that half, only half of the rides were open. The queuing was long as expected with it being half term in UK and France, but the queue for some of the Fast Pass tickets was also unnecessarily long at times and again leaves you wondering why those sort of functions can't be managed digitally. Certainly I don't think we made the most of our trip to Disney because of the lack of ease in doing most things.Overall I'm glad we went and had the experience, but there is no way we would go again while the park continues to live in the dark ages.We've been a few times in the past 10 years, the place is starting to look desperately run down and out of date.Part of the 'shuttle ride' in the Universal studios park takes you past a set from a film called 'Reign of Fire'.Now, I happen to like that film, but it's not every well known and it was released in 2002....So plenty of confused faces on that ride, hardly anyone knowing what the hell 'Reign of Fire' is was.DESPERATELY needs money spent on it to make it up to date, it's starting to look really, really sad....Considering the popularity of the park I decided to stay within Disneyland (Explorer Hotel). I found it too crowded & not worth the money they are charging. There were queues every where right from for entering the park to each & every ride. Most of the time you spend standing in queues rather than enjoying the rides. There is lot of improvement needed in that area considering the people travel from all over the world & end up standing in queues. I will not recommend to queue for any rides as they are nothing extraordinary and can be done at any other amusement work of much smaller scale. Pick the attractions which are theme based like PeterPan, Buzz Light Year & are unique to Disney. It is not worth to stand in queue for the meet & greet Disney characters. I personally would have liked the characters roaming freely across the park & available for pictures anytime. The most stunning things & must see are the parade & the fireworks at the night.Overall the shows were stunning but the queues were disappointingPersonally I didnt like the park. 1,5 hour to wait to get a picture with princess Aurora, approx. 1 hour of waiting to do an ordinairy attraction. I didnt expect this after paying a large sum at the entrance. If they want to see me back again, there has to be less standing in line. Also I expected to see lots of Disney figures walking around in the park but no, if you saw one you had to stand in line (generally over 30 min) to get a picture taken. It's 1 big marketing machine.Awful park. Really let's Disney down. The staff are rude. The park is tacky, old and worn down. When we visited the Disney studios park, 8 rides attractions were closed or broken. And in the main Disney park the rides were rubbish. Very disappointing. A shambles in comparison to Florida.  We were here with our three children two years ago and this trip was disappointing. We have visited the park over the last decade and the park has not developed in 10 years apart from more cafes and more gift shops. The worst thing is the queues which really reduced the fun of the day. There are simply not enough rides in the parks. On our first day we did the the Disneyland park and three major rides were closed Thunder Mountain, Space Mountain and Pirates of the Caribbean. The children were so disappointed, and there was no warning when we booked the tickets that the main attractions would be closed. As these rides were closed the queues were even worse at the other rides with queues of 85 and 90 mins for a four minute ride. None of the water fountains were working when we were there and the rides looked scruffy and in need of a paint. When we asked why we were told the park was awaiting its 25th anniversary refurb which is also why the rides were closed. This was not warned on the website or reflected in the prices. The second day we went into the studio park and the Tram studio tour was closed. The queues were terrible for the other rides with crushers coaster being 85mins, the Toy Story RC ride being 80mins. After two rides the children couldn't face it anymore and wanted to go back to the hotel. We asked a member of staff what her advice would be and she explained that this is what the park is like in school holidays. Hope our next trip is better. Park is amazing, so beautiful, staff is very friendly, smiling and the park closure shows are just big wow and if you have 2 in 1 ticket, you can see both or them in one day. And most of attractions are fabulous.BUT this is not park for kids and also grown ups. In winter time, when there is less crowd than in summer for many attractions waiting time exceeded 60 minutes, fast pass tickets were not available after 30 minutes of park opening and longest waiting time was The Twilight Zone exceeding 2 hours!!!! Even for making photo with Disney characters you should stand in long queue. We skipped the longest waiting time attractions and in whole day managed 13 attractions so on average it was still close to 50 minutes waiting time per attraction. And because of this comes another problem   while in queue many people smoke or drink alcohol and there is literally human s h i t on ground!!! Yes   staff is dealing very professionally, because they have sand (so this must be common) to cover and remove but nevertheless this is not you expect in kids park...Some advice: best ride rock 'n' roll   this is fantastic and later in night there is less waiting time. For eating   look for McDonald as there prices are not exaggerated or better bring with you soda, snacks, some fruits and eat while stand in queue. Do not waste time on Parachute drop   long waiting time and no fun for kids or grown ups.And final advice   for some strange reason the park ticket prices are different based on CURRENCY an COUNTRY selection   as online payment system was rejecting euro currency and my country selection I tried UK pound un UK country as my residence and the park ticket price after hefty bank commissions was still 15 euro less than if I would pay in euros... Conclusion: do not get me wrong   I and kid liked attractions very much and wanted to do it again and again, BUT when I asked kid next morning would she like to come another day one more time the answer was NO! Instead she said that would like to go to  bricks  park or attraction park in Paris one more time, where waiting times were not more than 20 30 minutes.I am certain that when Walt Disney imagined his first theme park, he had no idea how successful it would be or that it would spawn further theme parks and resorts around the globe. However I'm equally certain that the idea of building a Disney theme park at the end of a forlorn railway line, in the middle of nowhere outside the capital city of a temperate   generally cold   northern European country would have been the last thing in his head (who knows, if the stories are true and technology moves forward enough, we may actually one day find out)Disneyland Paris is a misnomer, its like saying Wembley Luton. It sits outside of the city so involves a 40 minute train ride from Gare de Nord, or a    70 taxi journey from CDG airport, or an uncomfortable coach ride and THAT is just the beginning of the cash that will soon be leaking from your pockets or purses should you choose to visit the park.DP is nothing more than a testament to the corporate greed of an organisation that is hell bent on cynically exploiting children's dreams whilst simultaneously extorting as much money as possible through Disney branded merchandise.The cost of entry varies (anything from    40   60) and as soon as you are through the gates the task of getting you to part with as much cash as possible in the shortest possible time begins. The bombardment is perpetual, from the saccharin sweet schmaltzy Muzak constantly piped through speakers throughout the park to the gaggle of costumed cartoon celebrities and the Disney shops, Disney themed restaurants and fast food kiosks.Does it sound like I am bitter? Too right I am, especially as there is NO INDICATION before you buy your ticket WHICH of the rides WILL NOT be functioning that particular day.February 14th the following rides were closedPirates of the CaribbeanThunder MountainSpace Mountain 2Three 'thrill rides' that most visitors actually want to go, which meant that the thousands of visitors had to choose alternative experiences, leading to waiting times of well over an hour for each ride and the FAST PASS tickets for all the other 'thrill rides' being completely 'SOLD OUT' by noon. I was lucky enough to get one of the last FAST PASS tickets for one ride @ 11.45am (just one hour and fifteen minutes after the park opened) and was told to return for my ride at 17:05 So I had to kick my heels for well over 5 hours, waiting around   unable to go on anything but the really rubbishy rides   because the queues were too long.I calculated that the average person, would only manage to go on a maximum of four thrill rides in a seven hour period   if they were lucky and decided to eat on the hoof. Ridiculous.So what else is there to do, while you wait for your FAST PASS slot to arrive? Well, you could eat, or walk around from ride to ride shaking your head at the length of the queues, or you could eat, you could go on the only experience on the park with NO WAITING time: Armageddon (Yeah, no wonder   I mean does anyone even remember that film?) or you could eat and have a drink, you could try to avoid being beaten about the face by kids off their heads on sugar and armed with lightsabres, or you could sit down and eat in one of the restaurants, watch overweight 23 year women in Minnie Mouse ears attempting to eat foot long hotdogs, you could eat something, or gasp in amazement as obese LARPers in Darth Vader masks attack each other in the queue for soft drinks.Yep, it really is that much fun.So, when the allocated time for my ride came around I was ready. However, because of the closure of the better rides, the running time of the others were cut short to help accommodate everyone. Ridiculous.Even the Disney on Parade 'extravaganza' looked tired, populated as it was by worn out animatronic cartoon lions, etc. and 'Princesses' that wore so much panstick that they looked like marionettes.Ridiculous.Not worth the money, the effort or the waiting.But the kids seemed to love it.What's that noise? Oh, it's just the sound of Walt's disembodied head spinning in its cryogenic box. Disappointed with my latest visit to Disneyland that ends today. Can't say I did not have fun, but certainly not at the levels I was used to for the last 15 times I came.Too much construction work, very little attractions open, huge queues, no entertainment with less than 75 mins queue with the exception of Pinocchio and Carrousel de Lancelot.So basically 3 days without doing much except spending time in queues everywhere. The shows were nothing special, so not even these queue avoiding options were particularly interesting.A big sense of waste of money and time.Believe won't be coming back for many years to come.On a positive note, the hotel service was better than previous times despite the surrounding increased security.Well, fortunately other alternatives out there...I came here 20 years ago and remember it being brilliant. Admittedly I was 13 then but I really thought at least 1 thing might have changed, especially as 20 year in the film world means a lot.The whole place felt really disappointing, dipressing and old. Terrible outfits for the staff which added to the outdated rides and jobsworth idiots dressed up as Disney characters running away from guests rather than embracing them.A lot of the place was being refurbished so rides like space mountain were not an option. Long queues for rides that were pretty rubbish.There was just a general need to update the whole place, use some modern effects and being some of the Disney magic back.I wouldn't come back, even with kids, unless there was a significant updateWe stayed at the Disneyland New York for a 4 night stay   great location for the parks, rooms need a bit of updating on arrival the smell of stale tobacco filled our room   and despite opening a window the smell was there throughout our stay . A balloon was left under the bed which gave the impression that the room had not been cleaned properly.The park itself was good and in festive spirit   the parade was excellent and really set us up for the magical experience we were hoping for . we were expecting a lot of walking and queuing which is what happened.The Park generally was good although everything was overpriced which we expected. The Dreams of Disney show should have been a highlight. Due to numbers of people we could not get very far towards main street. and there was a lot of pushing and shoving as staff were ushering people into an area near the Buzz lightyear ride Due to the numbers being ushered from the park in this direction space soon filled up and people could not get through or exit the park   a crush situation occurred and personally I was pushed back against the railings and nearly over them at one point which I and many others found dangerous  there was no safe path for people to exit..A word of warning to Parents who have children who are star wars fans taking their children to 25th Anniversary star wars exhibitionMy 8 year old really loves Star Wars . He set his heart on a duelling lightsaber and we bought one for him at the Hotel shop. On the return journey due to its length we could not fit it in our large suitcase so he carried it in hand luggage. When we checked in we were told we could not take it unless it was placed in hold luggage as it was classed as a weapon  it was placed in a plastic bag with his suitcase and went into hold luggage but it did not arrive with the suitcase .We now have one bitterly disappointed little boy.  .With the new Star Wars show opening at Disneyland Paris in the Spring and the current advertising on television of children with lightsabers these non retractable items should be labelled accordingly or people advised not to purchase them as I am sure many others will have the same disappointing experience Not the magical experience or lasting memories we hoped forWe got here Monday and on entry into the park we were greeted with ride after ride closed for refurbishment I think 10 in Disney land resort,and about 3 4 in the studio resort. Also the resort opens at 8am if you staying on resort but lots of the rides shut at that time and the studios didn't open until 10am but funny enough they had managed to keep the shops and restaurants open for you to spend whilst you wait.One last moan gripe is they cordon off the resort about 6.30 for light shows so less time on the rides.This Disney set up is so different to Florida in sense my trip actually felt like Alton towers with a Disney price tag such a shame please be aware same prices half the fun.No doubt I will get the same standard reply that so many upset customers have received but let's see fingers crossed.We visited on a day that was zero degrees. Totally unpleasant experience. Lining up for rides in the freezing cold was hard on children and adults alike. I was astounded that no heaters were supplied for the lines that often took an hour or more. Even little cafes supply heating these days for guests sitting outside   after the large entry fees and food costs I think Disneyland could afford to ensure their customers are not snap frozen while lined up.The park was very busy despite our visit falling on a cold, wintery weekday   yet only four ticket booths were open, making lines for entry tickets very long.This was annoying as Disneyland was the only attraction we visited that would not accept tickets on the mobile phone. This meant we could not take advantage of the much cheaper online tickets and avoid the entry lines (no access to a printer). Several of the rides we were interested in were closed   we had checked in advance so knew this   then on arrival another major ride was out of action. It reopened an hour later prompting a stampede to line up.Many guests used Fast Pass   this works well if you study up the rides in advance and then strategically use your pass on a popular ride.We found staff at the walk through Swiss Family Robinson house quite rude. They abruptly cut off entry while three staff members had a five minute conversation, ignoring the line completely.On the plus side, The park was clean, well set out and offered a good variety of rides for kids of all ages. We travelled by train from Paris: tickets for two adults and two children cost thirty euro each way. We decided on the entry to just the main park   this worked out well because as it turned out, we didn't have time to queue for all rides in the main park.However after our experience I would recommend buying online tickets to save cash and not visiting on a cold day as Disney doesn't seem to care if guests are snap frozen.I have tp say we were really disappointed with this Disney experience, its a poor take off Disney in the US. Staff are not friendly to non nationals. This is out second visit in 20 years with at least 3 to the US, we will not return to Disneyland Paris It just didn't have the same charm. My first job I worked at Disneyland in California for three years, and I've been to Walt Disney World five times. This just didn't live up to the Disney name. Now, let me just say up front that there are two big caveats. 1. It was FREEZING cold that day. The weather forecast said the high was 28 deg.2. I don't speak hardly any French. I don't think that made too much of a difference, but maybe it did and I didn't realize it.Okay, now onto my review:I started out in Disney Studios. Most attractions had a 5   10 minute wait, so I was able to see everything I wanted in less than 2hrs. It is maybe half as big as the Disney Studios at WDW and has almost nothing worth seeing other than maybe the Ratatouille ride (which was closed when I was there). Then I made my way over to Disneyland. It was the same there where each attraction had only a 5   10 minute wait. I was able to ride everything I wanted to twice. Now let me say there are some good parts. Their castle is amazing, Discoveryland is probably the best version of Tomorrowland that I've ever seen, and I think I like their Pirates better where it's backwards from Disneyland in CA so you have the skeleton pirates at the end instead of the beginning. However, the food is god awful and way overpriced, and at least when I was there (and again, it was freezing cold out) there was no atmosphere entertainment which is a big part of what makes Disneyland at Walt Disney World feel so magical.So my overall thoughts are that 1. there are hardly any major E ticket rides. Even with Star Tours and Big Thunder closed, they really only have five. Overall it felt like Disneyland didn't really have any magic to it at all. There were large stretches of the park between Adventureland and Frontierland where there was just nothing. The cast members were all hiding inside where it was warm and I don't blame them one bit. Considering how empty the park was and how cold it was outside I would have done the same thing. So maybe on a different day when the cast members are out and about the park would feel different.2. Disney Studios was just awful. It has all the charm of a post office. It's the most bland, boring looking Disney park I've ever seen. They need to add Soarin and the real Cars Land as soon as possible.So those are my thoughts. Maybe the cold got to me and I wasn't in the right frame of mind. Maybe the language barrier caused me to miss out on some of the best parts of the park. But unfortunately, I really didn't like it, and even if I ever go back to Paris I don't think I'd go back to their Disneyland, which absolutely breaks my heart to say. :(We were at Disney Paris on 12 21 2016. Crowded as expected just before Christmas. Men were employed, mopping the bathroom floors in the women's restrooms throughout both parks  while women were using the restrooms. I caught one  peering  through the cracks of the stalls in use. I reported this incident to one employee who did not take me seriously; I then reported this to three employees at the gate who took a description. I also emailed a complaint to Disney Paris via their website  awaiting a response.Separately, wait times are inaccurate. Hotel guests are issued vouchers to fast pass any ride any time, throwing off crowd control measures from regular fast passes. Employees allow fast pass holders to advance in line without any stoppage  unlike at CA or FL where there is a minor wait time as patrons are pulled from both lines. Expect to wait double the time.We visited this park over 2 days with my 3 year old nephew in law at new year. While the park itself is clean and beautifully decorated for the festive season the guest experience is completely ruined by 2 things, the queueing times and the atrocious food. While the park seems to be large enough to physically cope with the crowds we suffered through enormous waits for occasionally underwhelming attractions. Perhaps investment in a few more quick turnaround, high volume attractions would help alleviate this or simply set a cap on the number of visitors allowed in in any one day.Our experience of the food though was far worse. The prices are extortionate, 35 euros per person for a buffet is a joke. Some of the eateries were so expensive that we just glanced at the menu, laughed and walked away. After a while we settled for a hotdogs and coffee. Service was slow and quality truly dreadful. THE COFFEE IS THE WORST I HAVE EVER TASTED. Makes Mc Donald's seem like haute cuisine.This is a beautiful park but it could be so much more with better management and more focus on the customer experience.We visited this park as part of s new year breakI have to be honest, that as a Disney fan it is disappointing for me to have to write a negative reviewIt was good to see the park receiving some well overdue upgrade works, but disappointing to see the amount of attractions out of service due to thisThe rides were also suffering with a lot of breakdowns. I wonder if this was due to cut backs in the preventative maintenance regime to save money???The staff themselves were generally Way you would expect from a Disney site however the experience was somewhat lackingWe went to the New Year's Eve fireworks display in the park. The fireworks were not 'special' but a roll over of the Christmas display. This was very disappointingAll in all, I fell that the experience was a total let down and would not be in a hurry to returnWe decided to visit Disneyland at the end of our citytrip to Paris.It seemed a must to combine these visits.Personally I would advise the readers of this message to spend your time and money elsewhere in Paris.Paris is such a nice city, and there are so many things to do and see.. Disneyland is nice to visit, but WAY overpriced. It just is not worth the money.The amount of attractions is to low compaired to what you pay, and compaired with other parcs. The Efteling for example is much better.Waiting times are too long.THE GOOD   the rides themselves, the theming, the mild sense of the 'Disney magic'.THE BAD   lots of breaking away from the core brand values:my god, the staff are slow; uninterested, demotivated, rude and all move at the rate of a snail. It took 25 minutes to get a coffee in a very small queue line. Tired theming which needs the magic putting back in.Use of hoarding to hide closed refurb attractions   very un Disney.Food quality acceptable but not out of this world.Range of food outlets is odd and very little in the way of traditional indoor coffee shops, it's not very pleasant collecting a machine dispensed coffee from the cashier in the gift shop.Very little indoor seating which for Paris is necessary.Essentially it's just Alton Towers with less emphasis on good customer service and the audacity to use the iconic Disney name and brands.Disneyland Paris doesn't have same feeling as Disney in Florida, the staff are rushed off their feet (doesn't seem enough of them) pleasantries are few and far between and at times the organisation was pretty dangerous (i.e. Only having one gate open as thousands of people tried to leave the park after midnight on New Years! So dangerous and a little frightening with people pushing and shoving). Queues are LONG and take forever, on average we waited 30 mins to be served for a coffee. I wouldn't recommend going at this time of year with temperatures as low as  5 and a piercingly icy fog it was unbearable at times and hard to try and keep small children's fingers and toes warm! We had a good holiday but we made it that way by turning a blind eye to some of the less than magical behaviour of the staff. We found if we avoided the fantasy land part and headed straight to frontier land or adventure land the crowds were less and it was far more pleasant. Fireworks seem to lack the luster they used to have and the lighting of the castle is beautiful but feels like cost cutting as now fireworks are reduced. As expected prices are phenomenal and without the perpetual joy and happiness you expect from Disney really didn't feel pleasant to be paying through the nose but without the Disney feeling?! I understand the time we visited is busy period but staff are soooo slow. We visit Florida every year and staff are quick and efficient. Saw lots of empty seats for rides with a 120 minute queue! Food is not great in the parks and expensive. Again slow and massive queues. People walk everywhere smoking! No designated smoking area. I find this a big problem. People blowing smoke into mine and my son's face non stop. Lots of rides out of order or breaking down after queuing for 60 mins to be told leave (no fast pass issues to come back) Just lacking the disney magic you find at Disney world. Normally don't do reviews on attractions.   but wanted to highlight to people going in early 2017Visited between Christmas and new year 2016 with two elder daughtersIt's still Disney and fun but this is definitely the weakest of all the global Disney parks. It's relatively small with only a few rides for teenagers and above. Most disappointing is the number of breakdowns we had in our two days. There were over 5 rides which broke down or were not running. And these largely were the rides which had indoor queueing Space mountain, Star Wars, haunted house, tower of terror and Aerosmith ride. This meant the other rides had over 2 hour queues in below zero weatherIn addition there is hardly anywhere to sit indoors out of the cold to eat or drinkUnhelpful staff , told wrong info. Food hall very unhelpful and not many staff working . Only saw two of characters all day.Had such a good time when my son was smaller, decided to take him and a friend back. Realised it really is for smaller kids as there aren't enough rides for the older ones. It really hasn't evolved much over the years, but it's still as glittery as ever. Very expensive to eat in there, I do think they take liberties with the fact you're stuck in there and have to eat. 4 hot dogs, fries and drinks    50! Been there in 12 2016: Beautifull constructions and gardens; staff well prepared and nice; but the lines... oh, the lines.... there is so much people in the lines that you just want to keave it to your next existence and you end up not doing any of the attractions you're supposed to do.Then here is the wait, in the cold, from 1800 to 2030, in the night, for the night show (projected in the castle   videomapped); they simply close the attractions so that you have togo either to the stores and buy something (expensive as hell) or try, in a line also, to eat something (expensive as hell also...).Always lines, for anything.The worts part: end of the evening show, about 2100, everyone leaves the park (i mean, about 40000 people perhaps, and they just wont turn the light on   ou have to leave imedatly, and with lights off   could not understand.Love disney; do not love this experience   this is a diversions park that has a theme that is  Disney    I really think the Disney Company should reavalluate their involvement in this business   for me, today, to go see a Disney movie is worst memry recalling that a Pixar movie, and this wasn't like this BEFORE I went to this park.Staff very nice.Dont know how it colud be done with rain but suppose it would be very difficult.If I had opportunity to adress a sugestion to managgement, I would tell them that, if they had limited entrance, at more cost, I believe they would have more quality in the servide they sell; but I understand that they have to reach a market target that, probably, is not my profile.This is only my opinion, obviously.Before I start this was my fourth visit to dl I am the biggest disney fan ever.As a hard working nurse it took over a year to save for this holiday with my husband.I was so exited as Christmas at dl is my favourite time ever.I can honestly hand on heart say I will never return.The park looked beautiful as always but something was missing this year. Lack of atmosphere and the magic from cast members was missing.The rudeness we experienced from visitors and employees was shocking. I lost count of the number of times I got barged out of the way or somebody pushed in front of us in a que. Even in shops it was like feeding time at the zoo.Lots of attractions closed or not working. Smoking while waiting for rides was awful don't expect to have constant smoke blown in my face and cast members not doing anything about it.Some of the restaurants we ate in were lovely but again like many other reviewers the same menu time and time again. This is my biggest complaint. Getting into the park in the morning. I witnessed such disgusting behaviour that I'm ashamed other human beings can act so vile.Your crammed together near the turnstiles with everybody pushing and shoving to get to the front. So much so your being crushed. There are about 8 gates but dl only opened 3 you can imagine the hell that follows. I witnessed a disabled man being pushed so violently he tripped and fell and people were stepping over him. All to get into a theme park. Mums with buggys were using them like battering rams. I honestly don't know what happened in the last 2 years since my last visit but if the rumours are true that dl was close to financial ruin then I can clearly see why. Listen to other reviewers and have a closer look at what used to be a magical place. Oh and a smile now and then from the miserable cast members would not go amiss. I accept the park has to maintain the rides but too many of the big rides weren't open when we visited today. I was visiting with my teenage son so he only wanted to go on the big ones...... I found this a poor experience especially in comparison to the Florida parks who seem to have a much better operating rythmnI visited with my own children some time ago and returned with my 6 yr old Godson and his 8 yr old sister. Rides that were open were good, parades fabulous but the queues were everywhere. We expected it to be busy but 100 min wait for some rides was poor. Lots of closures or tech difficulties and huge crowds of people. We stayed for 4 days but found the shuffling from queue to queue very disappointing. I am a huge fan of Disney and the Disneyland theme parks, and regularly visit the parks in Florida. However, the rides here are very run down (eg. Speakers in the rock n rollercoaster not working). My main complaint is the customer service   the staff were not helpful and and often very rude. For example, it was about 7.05pm and a staff member had directed me to the nearest toilet, however we were refused entry because we did not have the  extra magic hours  wristband. I could understand being refused entry to a ride, but to the toilet?! That is a absolutely ridiculous. A toilet is an amenity. We spent another 20 minutes getting to the next toilet as the park was so crowded. Will not be returning to Disneyland Paris.We were so looking forward to going, my sons first time, we bought the tickets from the Disney shop in the Champs, we were told there was going to be 2 main rides closed and 1 smaller tide closed. Which we understand as rides need to fixed and maintenance of rides. When we got there there was 4 main rides closed and about 4 small ones, the castle was closed, basically we were walking around doing nothing. A real waste of money and time, the characters would come out for 10 minutes and then go away for 40 minutes.We went on it's a small world after all ride and got stuck on the ride for 40 minutes, nobody apologised nobody said anything to us.We went up to a guy that worked there saying all the problems he totally dismissed us.I would say it's not the happiest place on earth.The price is now out of control for two seniors who like to visit and go on few rides but enjoy the atmosphere the young crowds at the happiest place on earth. We are Canadian and are rv'ing a few hours away so we need to get a hotel and tickets. With the exchange it cost us about $360 Canadian to go to the park for a day. It will be a few years before we return.Great place to be but has become poor value.Our 2nd visit in 18 months. Needless to say, our 5 year old daughter absolutely loved it.My complaint on our previous visit was the amount of cigarette smoke, in this supposed smoke free park. I did complain to Disney and had a somewhat unsatisfactory response. I am disappointed to say that the situation hasn't improved, in fact it seemed much worse. Smoking in the park is supposed to be within very limited designated areas only, but this is not policed and as such I felt like I had a lung full of smoke wherever I went, even in queues for rides. Just utterly grotesque in a family park and I would like to see Disney step up and do more to control this unsociable habit in their park.Security in the light of recent world affairs is clearly being taken seriously by Disney, with more intense security checks to enter the park. Yes, this is good and reassuring even if the ques can be very long. However, there are some issues with security, in that checks and procedures could be very inconsistent. We returned to the park one evening to view the fireworks and dozens of people were bypassing security by entering via the exit! assuming this was the protocol for evening entry we followed. Just as a young female security officer returned and went crazy at us. 'Fair enough' I said, 'but you must have just missed at least 30 people walk past'. She then goaded me for an argument, squaring up to me in the face and said 'you have a problem? come on then'. I think it was her who had a problem, with her attitude! needless to say this was very upsetting for my daughter and very unprofessional I felt.Lastly, I will say that the queuing situation hasn't improved. They seem to be very inefficient at the turn around between rides and getting people on and off seems to take longer than the ride itself! We went to LA Disney a few years ago, I don't remember queuing much at all. The Americans seem to have things running like a well oiled machine, where as the French take a much more unhurried approach.Overall, you can't help getting caught up in all the Disney magic and we did have a good time. Would we return? I don't think we will go back to Disneyland Paris any time soon. I do hope Disney take my comments on board and try to improve.There is no Disney magic here.... if you think otherwise then you are clearly deluded! This is pure capitalism and profiteering!!Queues are 1  hours on most of the rides especially the newer ones (even late in the evening) and that's only if they're actually open and not undergoing refurbishment or have broken down. There are people smoking everywhere..... this includes in queues for children's rides, in queues for restaurants, out in the park etc..... There are apparently designated areas for this....?The  cast members  are a bit hit and miss... some lovely and engaging and others were totally rude. Did I mention queues? Queues for everything...... meet the characters... queue for an hour, wanting to go on the merry go round? Queue for an hour...! Want to go on Crush's Coaster...... queue for 90  minutes!!!! Queuing aside, once you get onto the rides then be prepared to be underwhelmed with some rides lasting less than a minute...!!!We had great weather while we were there so that was a bonus, kids found the queues really tough going so we had to find other ways to entertain them.  Magic Hours  just means the queues are 30 45 mins and that's if the rides are running   not all rides are included in this....!!Definitely utilise fastpass   if only to maintain a modicum of sanity! If your kids are old enough then the singles ride queues were generally half that of the normal queue....!!Been there, done that.... never again!!! Do NOT come to Disney on a busy weekend, like Halloween, if you have physical challenges. When too many people try to come in, the staff has a terrible time ensuring the safely of handicapped individuals. These people have the endure long lines, having usual entrances closed (meaning access only with thousands of others pushing their way in) and a manager, Philippe, who cannot tell the truth. We were told the usual entrance that handicapped people use was broken and we had to walk around thousands of people to gain our early access rights. Not 20 minutes later, these same  broken  gates were opened to let day tickets holders in. We have been season tickets holders for years and have never been treated so rudely and without care to physical challenges. There are many wonderful people who do work at Disney, especially the people tasked with getting us on the rides, but management is still very Parisienne in it's attitudes as to how to help people. The attitude we constantly hear from these people is that if you don't like it, don't come here. Not the attitude for the happiest place on Earth. Four hour waits for rides were happening in a very overcrowded park. If I had paid EUR 90 to get in and waited that long... We have come to Disney at other time when the capacity had been reached and could not get in, even as annual pass holders. This should have been done this Halloween weekend, too. Too many people and not enough staff. It is the parks' business to make the place safe for everyone and this just was not happening. Come to Disney and enjoy but don't go on Halloween!8times I've been here once to Florida Disney Never had a upgrade or    off no fridge!! Medical reasons! Let's hope it gets better 110 Yellowstone todayI've lost count how many times I've been to Disneyland Paris over the years, and until now I've always had a fantastic time. Yes the park is nowhere near as impressive as Florida, but it generally served its purpose very well. Not this time. Too many rides are 'under refurbishment' at the same time  including Big Thunder Mountain and the Riverboat, staff were painting communal areas during the day, which just looks unprofessional, and due to the amount of things closed the lines for all of the open attractions in Fantasyland were crazy, with Fast Passes gone for the day by noon; what child has the patience to spend 2 hours in line to meet one Disney Princess! The park was open until 10pm when we visited this week, however the 'evening' parade takes place at 5.30pm with nothing else until the fireworks at park closing.The food was another issue of contention; yes it has always been expensive, but it now seems to have reached the point of being a joke  3.50 for a bottle of water, 30 Euro for 2 hot dogs, chips and drinks, and you'll be lucky to find a seat to eat it! Apparently Disney is preparing for next year's 25th anniversary, but this is no excuse to cease caring about the guests currently paying full price for a ticket to experience only half of the fun! Either wait for 2017 or save your money and take a trip to Florida, where the magic lives on!We had been very excited to be visiting Disneyland and had been discussing which characters we were hoping to have photos taken with. The day we visited was a Sunday in October. Not one character was strolling the park   not one! We saw a stationary Maleficent and could have queued for a photo but didn't bother. It was pleasant walking around the park and very clean of course but became very crowded after about 11.00am. The queues for any ride were over an hour at anytime of the day so we only got to do four rides over the whole day. All up I would not recommend it at all. Very very expensive for not a lot of fun.Disneyland is always sold in their marketing campaigns as a magical place for children and I can certainly see what Walt Disney intended when he first launched Disneyland in America. However, it now feels extremely clinical, with lot's of rules, restrictions and no buzz about the place. There are long queues to have an official photo with the characters, you rarely see them wandering about and if you do most of them pay no attention to the children! It's all set up to squeeze every last penny out of you before you leave, because the ticket prices,    20 to park and a shop at the end of nearly every ride clearly weren't enough for them. There are obviously some good rides and attractions but there also some bad ones too, but my main problem is that there is no magic about the place, no buzz, no one is making sure your day is fun and isn't that what Disneyland is supposed to be about?Went yesterday. Middle of October, still ridiculous queues, some attractions out of service. Food in the pizza and pasta place was poor and ludicrously exensive. This is classic American capitalism with faux welcomes delivered by surly French staff to whom joie de vivre does not, ironically, come naturally. Be prepared to pay hundreds and hundreds of pounds to be treated like cattle by people who do not even pretend to care. The parade at the end is worth seeing but not at the extortionate rate Disney charge.You cannot take five steps without finding another vender of Disney products.  Not enough rides, too many people for the amount of space.  Toilets are few and far between.  Map is not easy to read.  We felt trapped with no way to get out.It is hard to rate a Disney park 2 stars. It may be harsh, but the expectations are different for Disney. They set their own bar and this park falls short. The biggest issue is half the park is under repair. No Thunder Mountain, no Small World, no Star Tours, no Alice. Then some of the rides need help. Space Mountain has ripped seats and is obviously in need of a face lift. The Indiana Jones ride may break someone's neck if they don't get it updated. The kids had fun, but it is not living up to the Disney name. I've been to Disneyland in California around 8 years ago and I loved it! When my Mom told me we were going to EuroDisney, I was so excited and I thought my experience would be the same. Sadly, it wasn't as good as I was expecting. The rides are childish, souvenirs are very expensive, all the restaurants close way before the park closes, almost every ride was either broken or under construction, and I only saw 2 Disney characters throughout the entire day. We really wanted to see the closing fireworks so we had to wait for 1 hour and a half in the freezing dark cold because the rides and restaurants were shut. And the worst part was that the bathrooms were closed too! I am definitely not impressed. The park is truly beautiful, with an amazing taste for details. The waiting lines were very quick (5min in average). But the music is so loud ! Now I have tinnitus...The Disneyland Paris Park is small, which can be seen as a bit of a bonus, and has a lot of the main attractions that anyone would want to go to Disneyland for. Many of these attractions have either an EU or a French twist, adding a bit of character to the park. There are, however, less shows and experiences than either Disneyland or Walt Disney World. This means that if you are not into the ride experience there is less for you to do. There are also very few rides that pregnant women can go on (not normally a problem, but this time it was an issue).The big drawback with this park is the guests smoking. I wasn't able to go on Pirates of the Caribbean and was pointed towards a waiting area. This should have been a nice area to sit and wait for your party but the benches there were taken up with people so desperate for a cigarette that they lit up as they walked out of the ride. If this wasn't disgusting enough, the  cast members  (a term I use very loosely here) ignore individuals who smoke, walking past people smoking in the middle of Main Street or outside of the rides rather than in the designated smoking areas. Indeed the one place where I didn't see anyone smoking was in the designated smoking areas.The lack of management maintenance of the Disney standard means that I can only suggest that you visit this park if you are a smoker. Otherwise, don't bother!As a huge fan of Disney World in Florida I have a certain expectation of what I call the  Disney Quality  and sadly I didn't find it at DisneyLand Paris. There were people smoking all over, even though there are clearly marked signs saying that was not allowed. There was trash in the streets, people cutting in line, and lots of dirty tables at each cafe we entered. I think the thing that bothered me most was the number of rides that were closed    above and beyond the ones that were listed on the website. We knew those would be closed, but then to go and find several others were closed as well, we really felt like we had been cheated by having to pay for a full price ticket. I shall look forward to returning to Disney World Orlando.Was really excited to experience my first Disneyland with wife and young child. Left the day feeling like I had not experienced Disney or its characters. Disneyland Paris is mainly merchandise shops and restaurants. For every ride, there are 2 shops. Having paid about    250 to get 2 adults 1 child in on basic tickets, this really took the fun out of it.We barely did anything. We were limited to toddler friendly rides and the wait time all day was 45 60 minutes on average. In 7 hours we were able to do three rides, one maze, have lunch and snacks, see the parade, and briefly visit the studio area. There are no Disney characters or staff to be seen. Apart from the parade, in 7 hours we saw one Mickey and were prevented from approaching him (VIP event) and one Aladdin running late to something. To see characters you have to queue for 45 90 minutes. Although overcrowded, it felt lifeless as its just visitors walking aimlessly everywhere.I am sure the Disneyland concept works in the USA ( though I'm not from there). However France lacks the customer service, work ethic or attention to detail to pull this off.Disappointed, Disney Group.This trip to disney with my young family was disappointing. it was expensive and over priced. many rides were closed. The location was far from the city. its not worth the hassel to go.avoid if you can.Honestly, having been to both this one and Disney world Florida, do not waste your money. If you want to go to Disney, save a few more pence and make the effort to go to Orlando as it is in a different league. The weather, food, rides, spectacle, service, are all so much better and more magical. It is not cheap to come here so do not waste your money when you can get so much better for not that much more!I have just got back from my holiday and it was better then the last time I went but you were nearly queuing for 2 hours to see characters and the reason the queues were so long was the fact that a lot of the rides were closed down due to breaking down or under refurbishment. Some of the rides they only opened at the weekend where you were queuing for them. There were a lot more characters then the last time I went which is a plus. The really bad thing for me were the toilets in fantasyland they were disgusting unclean and no toilet roll in any of the toilets, for a place like Disney that is a very big let down . My advice is If you are thinking of going there check to see if the park has any refurbishments because even if half the park isn't working you will still pay full price, you are better of saving your money and going to the American oneThis park looked good but when we experienced it,it was terrible!What you would expect is not here at all.The 1st time we experienced it was as soon as we got to the resort and we waited in a queue for a small plane ride for 2 hours.This is unacceptable for a big place such as the Disneyland park.I understand that it attracts many people but the reason for these long queues are rides continuously breaking down and carriages on the rides being left empty.Something should have been done about this as this continued to happen over the 4 days that we stayed.The worst example was the Indiana Jones ride which we queued an hour for,only to be told it was closed when we got to the front.They must waste the time of so many visitors!As well as the long queues,we had rude people pushing in from all angles and going under barriers and the staff doing nothing to stop this.What's the point in queuing if you can just push your way to the front!With an average waiting time of 2 hours (sometimes longer) this was very time consuming,not good for small children.As well as this,the fast passes we were given with the booking weren't accepted at certain times of the day which in my opinion is just stupid.This meant I wasn't able to go on the Hollywood Tower Hotel ride as I was turned away twice!We were let into the park an hour early as we stayed at the Disneyland Hotel but we weren't allowed on the rides until the actual opening time,meaning this advantage was pointless!When the rides did open some were actually very good,it showed that Disneyland does have it's thrills.Space Mountain was incredible and I wish more rides would have been like this. Another thing that should be mentioned is the food.They have plenty of themed restaurants but we found that they all served the exact same poor quality food!We ended up living off chicken burgers for 4 days as everything else was disgusting!The meals were ridiculously overpriced,it would have been acceptable had the food been nice but it was truly appalling!In the 5 park restaurants that we dined in,the menus were hard to understand with unhelpful staff.At one of restaurants we even got food poisoning from eating underprepared chicken which is totally unacceptable for Disneyland Parks.They should be ashamed!However we weren't even offered an apology by the company and it was 2 months until we heard a reply which was  we have found no hygiene problems with the kitchen the meals were prepared in Overall this park is disappointing and I would advise you to not go here,it's not magical and you are just wasting your time!Let's face it, Disney wins the hype war, making this place the dream of all children. It would be fair to say that if you spend a 10 hour day in the parks, around 7 8 of those hours will be spent queuing. Some of the rides are really creative and cool, but some are standard fairground attractions.Souvenir shops are placed around every corner and the entrance so kids will latch onto something right at the beginning of the day to pester their parents about or else acquire several toys which cost multiples of what one would normally part with.Food in the park is truly awful and priced to make you really resent it.Still, the kids really love the idea of the place and appear to enjoy most of their time in the park.People (staff and visitors) seem more grumpy and rude than Disney in the US.Many attractions (12 according the official app) were closed including several major rides. Scaffolding was everywhere to the point where the park felt closed. This has resulted in too much lost capacity for this time of year (August). Why could the works not be phased over the quieter months? It seems bizarre to me. Navigating the park was also very difficult due to various route closures associated with refurb work. Most perplexing was the lack of evidence of any actual work taking place.The net effect is more people competing for fewer rides, with less communal space to gather in. Ride reliability   3   4 went tech during first hour in park, causing us to abandon queue. We completed just one ride in 90 minutes.  Ride operation   generally poor   slow loading causing very backed up end of ride experience Parc Disneyland still has much to learn from its Californian cousin, where we visited at Easter. They are experts in maintaining and expanding the attractions whilst keeping disruption to a minimum and therefore providing a great overall visitor experience. I really hope Disney Studios is better tomorrow! We visited in one of the most expensive weekends (69 euros pp, pre booked), and were so dissapointed to find a lot of the big attractions closed. Why do this in the high season? At least give a big discount. All and all way too expensive for what you getHaving been lucky enough to have gone to Disney in Orlando, Florida, this was a big disappointment. The park itself is smaller and the rides are not as thrilling. But the prices are just as inflated!After paying the large entry fee  hotel costs, your pockets are further abused by the price of such simple things as food or a bottle of water, never mind a beer at over 10euro for a pint.My advice would be if you cant get to Orlando, go to a more local theme park. Yes, you may not see Mickey, but you will have more fun, more money and easier travel.We visited both Disneyland Parks last week with our kids (6 and 3). It was their first time and they really enjoyed it. The queues weren't too too bad either so everything moved along nicely. However, my wife and I have visited previously and all I can say is that it took me right back to the late 90's. All of the main attractions have been there years and as a result the park felt like it was 20 years out of date (e.g Armageddon FX show, Indiana Jones, Aerosmith R&R coaster, even Space Mountain). The one new ride (Finding Nemo themed coaster) had a wait of 90mins ! Most restaurants were the same (Videopolis is like something out of the 80's). All of this would be fine if the prices reflected. Tickets for 3 adults and 2 kids cost in excess of   500 for a 3 day pass ! This park needs to be updated quickly. They still sell hard copies of photos taken on the rides and had no facilities to send these electronically via wifi etc. As a result, I didn't see one person buy these photo's. Even the quality of the soft toys on offer has diminished from ones we've bought previously. The merchandise in most of the official stores looked cheap and tacky, all sold at ridiculous prices for what they were. All in all, a very disappointing experience for the adults, but saying that the kids loved it :)(to the tune of Fresh Prince of Bel Air)So this is the story all about how our trip was rubbish and we left with a frown. So If you   d like to take a minute just sit right there and I   ll tell you all about what was wrong but please be prepared!!On the 29th June for 2 nights and 3 days, (in the Davey Crocket Lodges was where we stayed). Chillin    out ,relaxing, eating and queuing and waiting for Princesses is what we were doing. When we saw all the scaffolding, well, that was no good and the queues were as long as the neighbourhood! Our kids started fighting and we weren   t prepared! Who closes all the rides at once and all the eating places near?We waited for the Parade and when it came near, the Princesses were ace and an Olaf was near. If anything we could say that this treat was rare but we thought no forget that, too much scaffolding here!We pulled up to our Lodge each night at 7 or 8 and thought who charges eight Euros for 2 apple juices mate? We wanted to enjoy this Kingdom and see Chez Reme here, but 90 minutes to ride Nemo(!) and too much scaffolding here. Firstly, most rides for anyone aged 12 and up are closed. We did a 1 day park hopper for both parks and found that enough. If you don't have children with you this park can easily be completed in a couple of hours as most rides are shut. I've been to every Disneyland park and this is by far the worst one. Nearly everything is shut (who refurbishes all the teenage adult rides during peak season?). This Disneyland also lacks the Disney feel that all the other parks have. There is also zero variety in the shopping that can be done and every shop sells the exact same thing.Disney theater shows some awesome Disney short films, worth seeing. Space mountain is a great ride and definitely worth doing. Indiana jones, pirates of the Caribbean and Phantom Manor are shells of their counterparts. For eating the Hakuna Matata restaurant served a nice kebab sandwich, chips, drink and ice cream for    15. Overall, Disneyland Paris right now is a huge ripoff considering the majority of the main attractions are closed. The shopping and variety in the stores is horrendous and the lack of Disney music, characters and atmosphere is just plain sad. It's the first Disney park that I've been disappointed in and the first Disney park that I don't classify as Disney. Save your money and go to Orlando or any other Disney park actually. This was are 3rd visit not good so much is closed this puts pressure on the other rides,all this at peak season,waiting times for most rides 45 60'we tried differant times of day early start or syayed late they really need to plan better and invest in more big rides last time we went you could use the fast pass system but this seems non exsistant now with only a few rides useing the system also why on the peter pan ride does fast pass not open until 11.30 it does not make sense. On two rides space mountain and pirates of the cariibbean it broke down just before we where about to get on this is meant to be a premium product they certainly charge premium prices i think for us this will be our last visit not worth the money or the hassle,get you act together Disney!Loads of rides closed in the run up to their celebrations next year. Peter Pan, Star Wars, thunder mountain. Queues were outrageous. Why are there not more characters going about? Why are there no TVs to warmth while queuing? Why do Europeans fail to understand how to queue? Not a fun experience for adults it kids. I've been twice and I'll never go back. Way too busy and badly organised. Overpriced and not in any way a magical experience.It was so boring for adults , too much walk because of the distance between the games and lots of games were not work   i don't like it at all                                                                                                             Long awaited first family visit to Disney, was disappointed that there was roughly five of the large rides under refurbishment which was very disappointing as I don't think we would have gone knowing there was such a lot of rides out of action. Food expensive but that was expected.Security was high but I think that was a positive knowing there doing there best to keep us safe. This was our second visit to Disneyland but the first with young children of our own   our 5 year old daughter. On this visit, we were also accompanied by 13 other family members, two of which are disabled. Our first visit was in August 2008 during their 15 year anniversary. That visit was FAR better than this visit. In 2008, the characters were everywhere, wandering the park and mingling with visitors. You could always see at least one, wherever you looked. This visit, though, was extremely disappointing.We spent 2 days at the park and, the parade excepted, saw 5 characters in total. Our daughter was full of excitement at the prospect of meeting her favourite characters. On the first day, we saw sleeping beauty flash by, surrounded by other staff, as she made her way through one of the side gates. That was it. On the second day, we arrived before the park opened with the promise of meet and greets with the characters. Our daughter joined the queue for Minnie Mouse and JUST got to the front of the queue before the meet and greet was over. The look on the faces of the other children behind her was unforgettable as they were told Minnie had run out of time. It also meant that our daughter couldn't meet the other characters, although she did catch a glimpse of Mickey, Pluto and Donald as they were whisked away from their meet and greets. Again, the parade excepted, we saw no other characters for the rest of the day.On this visit, the park was clearly not expecting the number of visitors. Our 1st day at the park was the Tuesday after Easter Monday. Despite having wheelchair bound family members and two others (myself included) that have difficulty standing for long periods, it took 90 minutes just to get through security. The queues were MASSIVE. I'm aware that, at the time, security was elevated but the number of staff processing visitors was woeful. It was nearly lunchtime before we finally got into the park itself so decided to get an early lunch in one of the restaurants. Again, the queues were tremendous. There were TWO members of staff on the tills (despite there being a large number of tills available   definitely more than 10) and it took 45 minutes in total before we were sat down and eating. The food was acceptable but not exceptional.On both days, we had to visit City Hall to obtain passes for our wheelchair users and for the family members who are unable to comfortably stand for long periods. Ironically, the queue for City Hall was lengthy on the first day but we obtained passes without issue upon presenting disabled badges and doctors letters. The second day, the City Hall queue was non existent (likely because we arrived early) but had to jump through hoops to obtain disabled passes. After seeing several people and sifting through scanned letters, sick notes, doctors letters, occupational health reports and hospital reports, we finally obtained passes, although the process meant we lost 90 minutes of park time. Clearly, wheelchairs, disabled badges and doctor letters are not enough proof for some members of Disney staff.The rides are amazing, but most are designed for adults so the young children rely on seeing the characters for their entertainment. For this reason, and putting up with a sulking 5 year old after being utterly disappointed, I can't give any more than 2 5. It's likely we'll visit again, but only when our daughter is old enough to appreciate the rides and during the summer when the characters are more likely to be around the park.Disneyland Paris was a huge let down. Probably a case of too much expectations maybe. Had been to Universal studios in Singapore and my kids aged 10 and 6 enjoyed that experience much better and so did we.The rides are all average. Our visit was in a good time of the year   in May. Tips: Buy online tickets of course. There are two parks. The Walt Disney Studios Park closes early. So be sure to finish off all you want there first.The Disney parade was nice. Be sure to get a good vantage point early if you want to have a good view.We have been to Disneyland Paris over a dozen times and always thought it was great. Very sad on this occasion as 10 areas closed for refurb including some of the main big attractions. It's not advertised unless you go into the small print area on their site listed as refurbishments so make sure you check before you book. 10 areas us a huge impact and other areas seemed to be running on limited service.All the usual issues   45 min queues for 3 min rides   but the real issues today were the huge number of closed rides and terrible restaurant service. Lunch: a queue of about 6 people in front of me took 45 minutes to get served (hot dogs, nuggets and chips and a pre made boxed salad  nothing in any way complicated on the menu). Ice cream kiosk had 8 people queuing. 3 staff inside doing waffles, whipped ice cream and drinks. 30 minutes to get served. No effort to interest in serving people fast and efficiently. Restaurants closed before 7pm even though the park is open until 11, but that wasn't included in the information leaflet . All in all a very disappointing day which was mostly spent queuing.Second time visiting, this time with two excited youngsters aged 8 and 4 and 10 years from last visit. Really disappointed by number of rides closed at the same time, park covered in maintenance walls. Interesting all the shops and food outlets were open! A couple of hitches in that railway was temporarily closed due to a problem and 4D cinema stopped half way through due to security error. Kids enjoyed it but we're aware of our disappointment. Food outlets expensive and not great so take a picnic! Staff friendly and parade was excellent. Honestly, given everything probably wouldn't have visited at this time. Won't return. I know they must have to refurbish on a regular basis but why do they have to close so many during the peak season. And to make matters worse, not a lot seemed to be happening at the building sites so this could go on for some time. For example closed were the Star Wars simulator, Peter Pan's Flight, Its a Small World, Big Thunder Mountain, Thunder Mesa Riverboat, Adventure Island, etc. In fact there was virtually nothing in Frontierland and even the Phantom Manor haunted house   which was open   was a very poor affair and not worth going to. It was more like a very cheap fairground attraction. The fact that Frontierland was a virtual building site was compounded if you took the Disney Railroad around the park since a huge part of the line consists of travelling past the boarded up building work. And there was a huge absence of Disney characters in the park. In past years in the USA, the parks have had loads of characters walking around but here you just get a few in fixed locations with vast queues to meet them. Everything smacks of cost cutting.Now for the good bits. It is still a fun place for kids despite the ride closure disappointments & the Buzz Lightyear, Space Mountain & Pirates of the Caribbean are not to be missed.The best bit of the park is the Walt Disney Studios which is excellent. Highly recommended is the Stunt Car show, the special effects Studio Tram Tour & Armageddon.Also it is worth paying extra for the evening Wild West show which the kids love & is great fun.But all in all, Disneyland Paris seems to be a poor imitation of its American counterparts & it really is worthwhile going to the USA rather than be disappointed here.This was our third trip to DLP, over a space of about ten years. Unfortunately, there has been a marked deterioration in the place, in terms of cost and attractions. Not much has changed in the way of rides, and they are becoming old. The Peter Pan ride, for example, used to be lovely and smooth to give the impression of you flying, but it now jerks you around like it's in desperate need of maintenance. There were other examples of rides looking and feeling tired too.It desperately needs investment and re vamping. We also noticed the prices have crept up from expensive, to ludicrous. Evidently in trying to cope with reducing crowds, they are trying to fleece more from the people who do go.Thank goodness our kids are now at the age where we can draw a line under this place and never have to go back.Its only saving grace, for me, is that it means you can go to Disney without having to go to the USA.1st Disneyland was not signposted so we went round and round in circles trying to find out how to get into the place and saw numerous others doing the same. Our latest fancy GPS couldn't work it out either. No signs!! Also for our hotel Dave Crocket   similar story   really felt like we were in the Wild West. However, we did have a great stay at Dave Crocket Hotel and enjoyed it immensely.2nd Disneyland looks beautiful but had rides that were either for very young kids or for teenagers and adults. Rides they have labelled as for 7 year olds and up (in door roller coaster rides) were frightening even for the adults due to the speed, velocity and nature of them. Very very bad organisation on the rides and attractions themselves which means sometimes massive cues and nearly always a long wait. Fast Passes unless booked v. early are often fully booked.3rd Disneyland had the best rides and places blocked off due to renovations but this was not mentioned on their website and its school holidays so very unfortunate time to do them.4th Disneyland has no decent coffee in the parks except for horrible tasting fast food machine coffee that costs a fortune. Starbucks is in a hidden place outside of the parks. The food in the parks is low grade fast food for extortionate prices unless you go to the couple of fancy restaurants that cost a fortune.5th Where the parade takes place, it started very late and there is barely any shade, so babies, little kids, children and their parents had to sit and wait in the hot sun for an hour or so till it started.The concept and idea and a number of attractions and rides are a great experience for kids and adults. Its just such a shame that due to a lack of helpful roadside signboards, properly age group labelled rides, inefficient system in place encouraging cues or kids missing out on the most popular attractions, disappointing mega expensive fast food, no decent coffee, it can feel like a stressful very expensive experience and a let down for the kids who were so excited to visit there in the first place. Both kids said they much prefer Legoland and get miles more out of their experience there. So Disney Paris   visit Legoland in Denmark and see how they run things there. Everything speaks of quality and you don't feel your being ripped off in the process every time you need a drink or a bite to eat and their food even the fast food is of the highest standard.Would definitely give 5 star to this magnificent park that takes you back to the time and reminds you the heroes of your childhood. Would definitely give 5 star to this magnificent park for its huge area and the big number of attractions and rides. However ..... we arrived excited at the park but left with a bittersweet taste in our lips. The reason is that most of the top rides (and not only) were under refurbishment, such as the Thunder Mesa Riverboat, Big Thunder Mountain, Pirate's Beach, Buzz Laser Blast, Space Mountain, La Cabane des Robinson, Peter Pan's flight and others. It is obvious that with so many rides being shut, resulted to huuuuuge lines for the rest attractions!!!! For example we spent around 45 minutes to one hour waiting at the queue for a 3 4 minutes ride at the Dumbo the elephant or the Autopia. Same situation at the restaurants (which we visited after 15:00 hrs to avoid the crowds) where we spent around 45 minutes to order burger and chips. From the other hand, most of the rides suitable for small kids in the Fantasyland were open (with big queues of course). Highly recommend the Tea Cups, The Petit Train de Cirque and the cruises  Le Pays des contes de fees  the  it's a small world  and of course the Pirates of the Caribbean !!! The staff was a bit disorganised with lack of common sense at some rides   at the restaurant where we had our lunch. Security is very heavy at the entrance with scanners for both visitors and their bags that makes your visit safe. Not necessary to recommend spending the whole day at the park and close the visit watching the magnificent  Disney Dreams  (around 23:00 hrs). The show contains fireworks, water fountains, laser, music and other special effects!!Arrived in Disneyland It was a hot day Started queuing up for rides but it seemed the only ones open were a lot of the babyish rides A lot of the bigger better rides were under refurbishment Wish they hold told us this before going as we wouldnt have bothered and saved ourselves   160 Qued up for an hour for the runaway train to be told because of technical faults we couldn't go on it A wasted hour!! After a disgusting dinner that cost   50 we started queuing up for another ride After queuing in the hot weather we were quite thirsty so got 2 cokes and a bottle of water   10Due to lack of wheelchairs I didn't make it to the other part of the park but my husband took my oldest daughter whilst me and my youngest daughter watched the parade I think it's a total rip  off to think your going on rides but you can't coz of refurbishments going on on most of the best rides it's disgusting I wouldn't recommend it to my friends I was very disappointed and so were my girlsDespite it being the beginning of the summer holiday period it was disappointing and somewhat annoying to find that a large number of their rides were not open (for maintenance!). Surely it would have been within their competence to do the maintenance in the low periods rather than when people really want it i.e. during the summer holidays.As a result, those rides which were open had long queues as people tried to compensate with what was left. If you get there really early, just after opening then queues are short, but this does not last long as more people turn up.We ate at the Market House Deli which was OK in that the sandwiches were reasonable, but the shortage of tables meant that there was often an ugly free for all when a table did become clear. The cleaners also did not feel it was their job to clean the tables. In fact at one point a cleaner picked something up from the floor and dumped it on the table I was sitting at rather than cleaning it up and putting it in the bin! The place was also severely understaffed in that the cashier had to handle the drinks orders as well which meant that the queue movement was slow.The  cast  members, or staff throughout the park also seemed to lack the ability to smile, as if it was too much for them.All in all, a disappointing experience and not what I would expect from a Disney experience.We visited with our family in July...peak season. We were dissappointed to find so many of the rides and attractions closed with a sign saying  we are renovating for your future enjoyment . Coming from Australia this is a one off. We marked on our map that about half of the rides were closed, including ALL of the children's playground areas. Why are we paying full price for half a park? I would understand if we had visited in the off season, but for mid summer this is not good enough. If you are on a family holiday to Europe from overseas don't waste your money. Spend it on Legoland in London instead!It was extremely crowed on all three days that we went and we went on different weekdays. If it wasn't for the fast pass stations we wouldn't have gotten to ride very much. Prices for food is extremely high. You can get water for free to stay hydrated.We paid   45 each for one day tickets for the two parks and we didn't think it was worth it. There were WAY TOO MANY closures and most of the staff haven't got much idea when it comes to queues and loading. Carriages cars on rides were frequently sent out not full, despite the queues. The only attractions we thought were being run efficiently were Ratatouille, Pirates of the Caribbean and Haunted House. The staff working the Backlot tour, Pays des Contes de Fees and Casey Jr train were hopeless. We've visited Disney in Florida and they know how to operate the attractions and do customer service   there is no comparison at Paris. There are no shortages of shops and eateries   pity some of them weren't closed. If you want to pay out   45 plus parking to go shopping and eat, as well as do a few attractions you should be OK here!!!The experience was quite disappointing for those who have done other Disneyland Parks (even for those who have just done Disney Hong Kong). The first thing that strikes you is that the staff does'nt smile, greet or is very friendly. In fact some of them are not helpful at all. Was quite shocked when I asked for directions to a particular attraction and one or two staff members just shrugged their shoulders and one of them said they have no idea! The other thing that strikes you is that you barely see any characters (other than during character Meet & Greet) walking around (unlike at Universal Studios Singapore). Shows are very very average. Just not worth it unless you have young children who insist.It was my second time to Disneyland after having been there as a kid approximately 20 years ago. I went there with two friends and was really looking forward to relive the experience. But when we arrived there we realized that approx. 80% of the roller coaster rides were closed (only one roller coaster in the park opened). There was no transparent communication to this extensive maintenance work. On the map you could see that the attractions marked with a tiny Mickey Mouse head were due to maintenance at some point in time but you had to walk the whole way to see if they were closed today or not. Additionally it was end of June   so you didn't expect such a high proportion of attractions to be closed in the mid of summer!It is also valuable to mention that throughout the whole park there is a ban on selfie sticks  for security reasons  and the value for money in the restaurants is really poor.From my point of view it is a nice experience for children. For adults there are better parks in Europe.We really looked forward to visiting you again Disneyland. However we soon realized that Disneyland Paris would not live up to our expectations this time. In my opinion 1 3 of the park was closed for maintenance, and It might be a coincidence, but we experienced technical challenges with three of the attractions that was supposed to be open. We stood in line at the haunted house for close to an hour, with no information. And all I could think of was The Clash    should I stay or should I go   .Correct me if I'm wrong, but the parade was only half the length that it used to be, and the number of characters walking around in the park was very limited based on our earlier visits.The food was as always more than OK in most of the park, but our dinner in The Lucky Nugget Saloon was terrible. Our burgers were dry, and cold. And next time try to actually try to fry the fries. Also, it is quite easy to promise free refill of beverages when you are so understaffed that no one have the time to ask your guests if they want a refill. We felt like we visited  Disneyland on a budget , but we paid full price. On the bright side, the staff all over the park was as always funny, helpful and smiling. The area clean and tidy. We Love you Disneyland Paris, but we left rather sad. Like leaving a friend with a flu. All we can say is: Get well soon Disneyland. We hate to see you like this.Went here on day pass....half the rides where closed (the big ones).   Had speedy pass but was told not needed ( why sell them then??!!!).....total let down... Very poor and the place could do with a make over.My family is a BIG Disney fan and we decided to spend 1 day during our European vacation at the Disneyland Paris. My kids were so excited for months but after our visit, I wish we used our time & money elsewhere. Of course, the Paris version doesn't compare to the original in Anaheim, CA or Orlando. Off the bat, the magic was ruined with the smokers all over the park. Yes, I understand this is part of the culture but it bothered me that smoking was worse than walking the Paris streets. Many of the attractions were closed due to construction. On top of that, there were many rides that were closed due to technical glitches. That doesn't leave a lot of rides to go on and you're fighting with everyone else in the park for the rides that did work. The park wasn't as clean as I would've expected and the bathrooms were a mess and smelly! I only found 1 thing that was the same as American parks: the prices for sub par food.The atmosphere is completely different from Disney Orlando.No magic,,not a lot of smiling faces not severe enough.On the shuttle to the park it was mentioned don't use that stick to put your smartphone in and take pictures.In the park what did we see?A lot of people using it.I'm a European myself but I found out people are quite rude thereOf you want to go to Disney go to Florida!Overpriced, lack lustre & outdated! In short you pay on average    90 Euros a person to enter a Disney shopping mall. We visited last week in June & the majority of the rides were shut. Take your own food or pay over the top for poor quality food. Another great way of making more money for Disney is the clever pricing, everything ends in either.49 or.99 if you don't have the correct change they make out they have no 1 cents so this leads you to say it's only 1 cent don't worry about the change as we & numerous others did....you work the math on how much that makes them over the day. Toilets dirty or closed staff couldn't give a damn the  magic  has clearly worn off!We are Disney World Florida obsessives but wanted to give some perspective on our trip to Disneyland France this week.We completed this week our trip to Disneyland Paris   which we tacked on to our wonderful Adventures by Disney Knights & Lights (London & Paris) tour. We had both our kids (under 12) with us, and stayed at the Disneyland Hotel in the VIP section. The VIP package included unlimited fastpass for the FP attractions   which might have been cool if the FP attractions had generally been open (they are not   will explain in a bit). As an aside, the Disneyland hotel was lovely   and we were treated very well. Breakfast is included, and despite some renovations to the exterior and the closing of the California Grille   I thought the hotel exuded a nice charm more intimate than the Grand Floridian Florida. Its pricey   but its right next to the two parks (10 second walk) and I thought worth it if you are only going to be here once or rarely.As for the parks, well   the most important thing to stress is that the parks have significant potential, with some real highlights, and are the subject of massive investment & construction right now. That said, they are clearly woefully, and sometimes comically, mismanaged with excessive closures of kiosks and food locations, often apparently  don't give a crap  staff (there are exceptions to this), and significant deterioration of physical plant and rides. I wont take issue with the high food prices   gate prices are actually low here during the week and its an amusement park.The highlights positives: (1) In two words, DISNEY DREAMS. The castle laser and fireworks show, which is presented at park close (11:00 during my several days), is wondrous. Its sort of a combination of the Magic Kingdom Florida castle laser show and then the following fireworks   but better. It doesn't feature the beautiful song Wishes   but its an extravaganza not to be missed. and unique to the Paris park. A (2) Parade   its brief, and not dissimilar from the parades at the US parks, but we enjoyed it.(3) Pirates of Carribean   wow, a much longer version of the Florida ride and solid entertainment.(4) The castle   beautiful and unique.(5) Cleanliness   I have seen the complaints about the parks being filthy but they appeared clean to me.The lowlights:(1) Construction   to be honest, the parks are not worth visiting until Spring 2017. The main park's main rides are almost all closed. Closures included Space Mountain, Thunder Mountain RR, Star Tours, Peter Pan. RC Racers was closed at WDS. The parks are a giant construction zone right now   Frontier Town is essentially closed. And you can imagine what this does to crowding at open rides   nightmares!!(2) Staff   some were quite pleasant and greeting, but most are apathetic if not disgruntled. Def a MAJOR issue.(3) Wear and Tear   some of it is shocking. I noticed paint peeling off several rides for example. Check out the magic carpet rides   most cars missing tons of paint. You'd never see this in FL.(4) Food lines   out of control, with numerous eateries and kiosks randomly closed. Staffing shortages are really evident   including for food kiosks that require extensive labor such as making crepes. Still only worked by one person. Lots of crowd complaints on this. Some food lines exceeded an hour.(5) Rides breaking down   trust me. Went on Buzz Lightyear three times. Each time ride stopped several times. Same with the Haunted Mansion. At some point we just laughed. All and all, nice hotel, parks will be improved next year hopefully. Wait to then!!Bunch of the  good  rides were closed. The only thing that was worth   was the Ratatouille inspired ride that I think you can't get in USA. Staff not the same but they try. Food horrible. Prices horribleIts by far the saddest disneyland i went to, it is mainly due to the majority of things to do are closed for renovation and new things still under construction, such a wrong timing for me to come. Disneyland Honkgkong vibe was way way wayyyyy better from the music to rides to Mickey. Even the entrance is under renovation, hope they find their spark once again after all the renovations.Not worth it! Long queues, especially in the afternoon, up to 2 hours!! This was mid week and most main rides closed for repair. Best to pack your lunch too as food poor and expensive. Many better ways to spend a day in Paris with the kids.This was my fourth and last visit to Disneyland Paris. Last time I noted maintenance issues, mainly broken toilets. The good news is that toilets have not only been fixed but upgraded. But, the rest was a big, big disappointment. They still charge    90 at the gate to visit the two parks although great chunks of the park are closed for renovation. If you aim to go there to see Frontierland forget it, it's completely fenced off as are other attractions. I like to get my perspective of the park by travelling on the railway that goes through the different lands. Well, that was a waste of time. Two stations are closed and for a lot of the trip you are looking at a fence to hide the works that are being undertaken.And what about the parade? I used to enjoy the parade in the middle of the day. Now the parade is at 5.30, along with many others I was on my way home by then. For kids the parade is generally the highlight but I saw many parents on the train back to Paris, their kids were too tired to last until 5.30.On the upside, the Walt Disney Park next door was all open.I am a huge Disney fan and former annual passport holder in CA. The Paris park is very far below Disney's usual standard for service. The park was clean and pretty. However, so many attractions were closed for such high attendance. I counted two open carts for street food, and restaurants had one line open for counter service with lines out the door. Having been to CA Disney more times than I can count and Disneyworld 5 times, I am disappointed that Disneyland Paris was so poorly operated.We visited Disneyland park with 5 kids and it was a pretty disappointing experience. The place was not well organized at all, long queues, dirty toilets, no food and to top it all half the rides were undergoing renovation. Not worth the hype at allReally disappointed with this visit. Probably 30 40% of the park was closed   some 15 rides. I compared this to the larger LA park, which has 6 closures. Coupled with the pervasive smoking all over the place, this was a really poor experience. The kids enjoyed it, which was the main thing I guess, but it is but far the worst of my four Disney experiences.Arriving with 26 14 15 year old pupils, we were amazed that they would shut two of the feature rollercoaster rides at the same time in the height of summer. Then we found the third rollercoaster was also shut, opening only half of the day in the end. Other headline rides like Peter Pan and the train and the steamboat were all shut and Fronteirland was a building site. We teachers then tried to book a restaurant at 11 a.m. for a table for the evening. Full? We understood why when we spent 90 minutes walking round from 5 p.m. to find the first 6 or 7 restuarants closed. Every one of thise had info boards about where was open, info that was nonsense, with different restaurants on each sign, many we'd been to and found shut. The person on the end of the phone number on the signs ( ring and book a table ) told us the names of  open  restaurants, that we'd been to and were shut and seemed to think it was our fault that ones that she had listed as open were shut!! She suggested a hot dog restaurant when we were looking for a meal. We finally were forced to have a  formule . My Lasagne and Garlic bread looked and tasted like they had been reheated numerous times, foul. I took pictures, they were so bad. My collegaue had been to the park on Christmas Day when there were (understandably) significantly less visitors but every restaurant had been open apparently. I have been going to Disneyland in Florida and Paris for many years and this was so unDisney like. I saw numerous people waliking round smoking, unchallenged and there were cigarette tabs on the floor...never seen in Florida. Back to the rides, most of our pupils, seemed to enjoy some rides but ended up going back and forth between a couple because so much was shut. 2 stars, not one? The light show is still magical and those kids who had never been before did get some magic even though most of us who had been before felt sorely short changed. Not sure how many of the 26 kids will be rushing back with families in the future. I'm afraid I won't be even though I am now entering the grandkids phase of vists nowWe just returned from a trip to Europe where we had the unfortunate experience of visiting Disneyland Paris. Thought we would give the kids a  break  from museums. I would suggest not wasting your money. About 60 70% of the park is closed for renovations. We hardly waited in line for the few rides that were open which was nice but to pay the kind of money they charge and to have most of the park closed is highly disappointing. And yes, I did see on their website that a lot of attractions were closed but you can't comprehend the extent until you're in the park. I would put off any trip for a year or so.The food service there is horrendous. Waited in line for 45 50 minutes and then another 15 to get some of the worst food we had on our trip for about $70 Euros. I've always had great food at the Disney properties in the U.S. so this was a huge disappointment as well.The Disney Studios park closes at 6 pm   that was a bummer since we hoped it would have provided a little better experience. Was never able to even enter the park as we didn't know this until the rude lady at the gate denied us entrance and said  Didn't you read your pamphlet?  Never received a  pamphlet .If you want to pay a bunch of money to walk around a park, shop, spend more money and wait in line to eat expensive bad food, this place is for you!Not the best time to visit Disneyland Paris, too much 'improvement works' going on. Pretty much all of Frontierland was close (accept for shops) with hoarding up all around the lake, Adventureland was not much better with just Pirates of the Caribbean open. Discoveryland was probably the best, but again the main attractions were closed.The main walk down from the entrance to Disneyland Hotel was again covered with hoarding spoiling the walk down.Walt Disney Studios was better with less work going on, however had all the restrictions been made available when booking I'd have not gone through with the booking.I think with all the main attractions out, I think the ticket prices should reflect the poor experience that is on offer.I'd really love to give this park a proper rating but half of the attractions are closed. To put that in perspective they only have 2 fastpass attractions open! They should have referbed better (like shutting down a land at a time instead of having major attractions all over the park down). The worst part is that when an attraction goes down the park feels REALLY devoid of attractions. Plus they don't have jungle cruise or splash mountain (two of the staples of the two parks in the United States and Disney brand). I'd love to know what the last E ticket was that they built in this park (that's been around for almost 25 years).I recently visited Disney Paris and the studios (5th June   7th June) and was totally underwhelmed.The park was practically half closed and it is outrageous that we paid full price for somewhere that was half open. Please allow me to elaborate;Alladin, Peter Pan, Thunder Mountain, Star Wars, Rock'n'Roll coaster, Train stations, Pirate ship and the Tree were ALL to our disappointment closed. There was probably more, but these were the main rides that resulted in our compete disappointment.Apart from the program, there were no other signs that informed us of closure. It would have be nice to know bore our trip that the park was basically half closed.For example, we queued for the train for 30 minutes as we intended after a long hot day to hop on it to take us back to the entrance. As there were NO SIGNS informing us, when the train eventually turned up, it just went straight past our intended station so we ended up going full circle and wasting around 45 minutes.Besides from the disappointing ride closures for apparent 'refurbishment'   which we saw no work actually being done in our entire time there!!   the rides that were working broke down countless times.For example, on our second day which we spent in the Studios, we queued for the Toy Story Parachute ride... 20 minutes into queuing it broke down. We waited a further 10 minutes in the hope it would be quickly fixed. We gave up. On to the next one... Ratatouille. We queued for 45 minutes before it was announced that this too had broken down!! We waited another half an hour there, with absolutely no updates on the progress from staff, before we gave up. So in total, just under 2 hours completely wasted!!It is an absolute joke that we were charged full price for this. It ruined our trip, which was for a birthday celebration, that ended in disappointment. The park was 40% boarded up, not what we expected from Disney...Well before I express my view. Kids would enjoy it.Train  First of all train tickets!!!! Make sure you pay for a ticket to get you through the last gate to Disneyland entrance!!! I can't express this enough. (French scam as far as I am concerned). They don't warn you or put poster up to say. Myself I had pre booked my train tickets with Paris pass. I had researched I probably had to pay 5 6 euro to get a ticket at final extra gate. My train ticket worked all way to the Disney park no issue so I assumed I had done really well in my plans. Oh no no no. They fine you on the final gate!!! Charged 36 euro for me to go through a final train ticket point .... Disney entrance was 100 meters away. And that was only because I had a valid ticket that said ha ha ha. Raging was a word is use. If you had a invalid ticket it's much worse!!Get tickets and ask at information booth before stepping foot towards there. It's not hard but it's robbery and they do it for money pure and simple.Disney park   Well onto the park. Two parks available studios and Disney world. Both have a good all round set up for kids. Studios   I would recommend tower of terror and stunt show with Cars and bikes fire and stunts. Few kids rides in there and a huge play area which kids love. Not a very big park so easy to get round. Disney world   Bigger park this one. I recommend the main ride space mountain. Good all round set up for kids. Good bar street outside parks with shops and food places. Wild West show is next to cinema outside parks with dinner. Pricey though at 68   78 euro.Overall if you have kids and are going France then great or taking your partner. However if it's Disneyland magic your after save another year and get to FLORIDA without question!!!!!Paris's Timeline.5 June 2016 16:47. DISNEYLAND PARIS DISNEY DELIVER. The boys loved it, but they weren't aware of what rides and attractions were closed. Among those closed were Disney Signature rides such as  Thunder Mountain  and  River Rapids  Some areas were closed for 'refurbishment'   loads of activity in evidence (NOT!) Wild West shoot out advertised but non existent and other shows simply not in operation. Apparently these closures have been known about for some time, but they aren't advised to customers and really should be when bookings are made. Our objective in going to Disneyland Paris was to give the boys a 'taster' of what Florida might have to offer in 2 or 3 years time. WE WERE NOT IMPRESSED. In Florida, Disney staff are bright and happy and always have a smile and are happy to talk to their customers. Their French counterparts are the exact opposite. (Snow White doesn't need 'Grumpy'   the miserable old git is everywhere) In Florida all litter disappears almost before it hits the floor, not so in France........it can collect in piles. There ARE cleaning staff, but they don't appear to be bothered. Shrubbery in Florida is neatly clipped and well looked after. In France some of the shrubbery is fighting a losing battle with weeds. For the adults in our party, Disneyland Paris was a huge let down, for the boys it was an exciting change   BUT, they are not aware that they missed out on so much. Their heights would have allowed them to go on most of the closed rides and we'd checked this out before we went..............any advisee about this before we went? Non, Non, Non. Don't expect Disneyland Paris to excite you if you've sampled the American product. It won't! Grrrrhhhh: (Just returned from 4 days at Disneyland Paris.This is our third trip there, the other two being 7 & 9 years ago. Unfortunately this was our worst experience of the parks, I would estimate that approx. 40% of the main park is shut for refurbishment, now I appreciate that they need to keep up with maintenance as the parks are open all year around & many reviews over the last year or two say the park is now quite tired, but this is ridiculous! we had two very disappointed kids with the rides they were both looking forward to the most shut down.Big Thunder Mountain   shut.Rock 'n Roller Coaster  shutStar Tours  shutFrontier land Railroad station  shutMain street railroad station   shutDiscovery land railroad station   shutPeter Pans flight   shutPirate Galion   shutPocahontas Indian Village  shutDiscovery land Theatre   shut.Adventure Island   shutPirates beach   shutRobinson treehouse  shutDrogon under the castle   shutOn two of the days for our visit the autopia car ride was shut too due to poor weather.Only one parade through the day & NONE in the studios!along with countless shops, restaurants & most of frontier & discovery land which just has hoardings up making it difficult to get around.My advice would be download the app & check the rides which are closed for refurbishment as Disney are not charging any less for a ticket with huge amounts of the park closed! FYI these closures don   t look tempory as noticed a sign on the Star Tours hoarding saying re opening in 2017 some time!!!Due to all the closures the rest of the attractions were very busy, times like 80mins for Crush roller coaster, 140min for Ratatouille & 60min for Buzz lightyear were all common throughout our stayBest avoid for a year or twoI guess that the world of Disney was a bit disappointing this time around.Being a Sunday bank holiday in Paris with not much to do, we decided to go to Eurodisney as that was something that I really wanted to do. I had the experience of the Walt Disney World in Orlando but was curious to know how much this one could compare to the one in the States.We were quite unlucky as most attractions where close either due to maintenance or because of technical failures or even because the attractions were  on tour  the Space mountain with Aerosmith, something that I was really looking forward on doing.Being Ratatouille one of the most acclaimed one, we decided that it was worth spending 50 minutes waiting   as per the sign   an hour went by and we barely moved in the que, after a short while they announced technical failure and that were doing their best effort to solve it. After 2 hours, we were almost reaching the entrance, but just most people gave up on waiting as the technical failure announcement could still be heard. We gave up after a short while with one of the hostesses saying that they couldn't solve it and to come back later   we had already spent more than 2 hours queuing.We decided to go back to the park and pop over the Haunted House, got in in about 10 minutes and once in the carriage, after moving a couple of metres, the carriages stopped and the lights were off for about 15, until they turned the lights on while we were locked in our carriages.After what must have been almost half an hour, we were released and evacuated from the attraction as it wasn't running due to... drum roll, technical failure...We decided to head back to Indiana Jones, which we had previously skipped, and we couldn't even get trough, there were 4 ladies, dressed up as Indiana, telling people to turn around as the attraction was closed due to... guess what? Yup, you got it... technical issues!I totally understand that attractions must be kept in their best conditions to assure safety and that people enjoy the most out of it and that sometimes they have to be closed for that but I can't understand how Disney still charges full price with more than 50% of the park available to visit. We couldn't even get on the train to go around the park, after waiting for 40 minutes (when the board stated 20) we were warned that there was an extra 20 minutes waiting...This was a bank holiday weekend in the UK and was clear to see that there were a lot of disappointed people there, maybe most of them had the same idea that we had, having a fun and cheerful day with the Disney family which turned out to be a sort of a flop.Our visit to Disneyland Paris has been a weekend of mixed feelings.We saw a great offer on the DLP site and on a whim booked two nights and three days at Disneyland Paris   Disney Santa Fe Hotel. I had been to Disneyland Paris with my family 15 years earlier and remembered that we all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Unfortunately Euro Disney's financial troubles these past few years were clearly visible.Let's talk rides and attractions first:Disney Studios seemed the better kept park of the two, although the majority of the rides here also needed some serious TLC! The Flying Carpets and the Cars Rallye rides hadn't apparently seen a drop of paint in years! Disneyland, especially Fantasyland, was incredibly worse for wear. The Mad Hatter's Tea Cups, Alice's Curious Labyrinth and Lancelot's Carrousel were especially badly kept. Some of the other rides at Disneyland Park even seemed to need special maintenance as there were quite a few moments where the ride would just stop mid action and then would start again a few moments later. This even happened 3 or 4 times at the Phantom Manor and the Pirates of the Caribbean rides. This is especially disappointing when you've queued for 45 minutes minimum! And believe me, this wasn't part of the act.2016 clearly isn't a good time to visit, due to refurbishments done for the 25th anniversary in 2017.The majority of Frontierland was closed for refurbishments, so was Adventureland. Which rides are being worked on and when can be easily found on the DLP website! The ride not to be missed and actually worth the wait was the brand spanking new 3D Ratatouille ride at Walt Disney Studios! Overall, the rides that were quite well executed were Crush's Coaster, Tower of Terror and Space Mountain in Discoveryland.Food, Drink and Accommodation:Ofcourse, Disneyland is incredibly expensive overall and so is the food! We booked a half board package and stayed at the Disney Santa Fe Hotel. Santa Fe is one of the cheapest of the Disney Hotels. Staff are friendly, helpful and pretty much all speak multiple languages. Our Beds at Santa Fe were comfortable and clean. Our shower had really low water pressure and could use some sprucing up.Don't bother with breakfast, unless you want to queue for 30 mins for stale croissants and frozen pain au chocolats. The continental breakfast at Santa Fe is one of the worst breakfasts I've had. At reception upon check in after 3pm, we were given our meal vouchers and were made to book our Restaurants in advance   we were pretty much put on the spot as we had no clue which restaurant served what and were kind of just told what to book by the member of staff serving us. The standard half board option offers buffet meals at a few buffet restaurants in the Hotels, at Disney Village or at the two Parks. Dinner was ok. The choice of dishes at all Restaurants was plentiful and you always have options for a starter, main and dessert. One soft drink per person was included! Buffalo Bill's Tex Mex fair at the Disney Village was nothing special. I would recommend going for the Plaza Gardens Buffet. Food here was better seasoned and offered an array of French classics.  The value of our meal voucher was    56 for two people. You could also use your voucher in one of the other Disney restaurants, I think, and just use it's cash value towards your meal. The half board offer also included a  Pause Gourmande  per person   an afternoon treat and a hot or cold drink. Go for the donut. It's really delicious! All in all we were really disappointed in our trip. If you can, save up for a real trip to Disney World Orlando and skip Disneyland Paris. Things may well change for the 25th anniversary in 2017, but I'm not sure it's worth finding out. We won't be coming back. Ever. Very unimpressed on our third...and likely to be final   trip to Paris Disney. I was shocked to see so many rides and attractions closed   the magic really was not there when you arrive to boards up and major attractions closed. ON top of that several technical faults to open rides meant hours queuing only to be turned away at the last moment.Some highlights but entirely ruined by the above. If you can   wait before going.Just returned from a 5 day visit to Disney... Went with 3 children , 10,11,13 . We were all very hyped about going but from the moment we entered it was a disappointment . The park in general looks really tired and in desperate need of a lick of paint. We were expecting to see characters around the park , but the characters that you do see comes at the price of a hour   queue . For the price you pay I would expect to see characters walking around the park throughout the day interacting with the customers . In addition to this I wasn't impressed with the lack of more recent Disney character related things around the ark ... Frozen being one of the most recent famous films yet there was no reference to this in the park really ( apart from the parade ) . It was all very old school which was great for the adults but not so relevant for the younger children . There was only one point I was overwhelmed and that was the fireworks , but this is at 11pm which meant we had 3 very tired children who struggled to keep their eyes open and wanted to go back to the hotel room . Plentry of places to buy food around the park but high priced and nowhere near enough seating. Also , prepare yourself to be pushed and shoved , the queuing system here is ridiculas. This is the only place I've known to be near the front of the queue For a hour then someone near the back comes through and gets on first because they've shoved their way through , the Disney staff saw this on lots of occasions and did nothing about it . I witnessed arguments daily because of people pushing through So n a nutshell m wouldn't rush back . If I did it would be in a few years in the hope that it's being updated ....My mother in law paid for this trip bless her. I am a cynical individual that wouldn't have done this myself.It is obviously designed to maximise your spend. Nothing to watch on tv in the hotel   no Disney channels particularly or films. Went back to hotel at noon for a coffee   not open til 2pm. I mean really... A massive hotel (sequoia lodge) where you can't get a coffee throughout the day?!15 rides wereshut & I know the weather was awful (not even Disney can be blamed for that) but to have a coffee & sit down inside was like hens teeth.Kids loved it   I mostly hated it but then corporate 'magic' is not my thing. Park open to hotel residents from 8am (2 hours more than visitors) is cobblers and a con as only certain things in the park were open.I'm French but must confess that here Uncle Sam makes money with old fashioned maneges and by letting thousands of people the under capacity 2 parks.If you like to queue, go there ! If you like awful expensive food go there.Rather go to Futuroscope in Poitiers or to Le Puy du Fou in Vend  e if you're looking for  french flair  and  french talent .Sorry Mister big American ears but you should invest and respect the people instead of maximizing your profit with your fake dream industry. Never go there again.Spent two days at Disney, one in Disney Park and one in the studios. Disney Park left me feeling very underwhelmed and lacking in Disney Magic! There was no atmosphere at all, it felt like the majority of rides were closed and those that were open, with the exception of space mountain, were dull and lacking in imagination. Had we had to queue long for them, we would have been extremely upset. Don't expect lots of Disney characters to be wandering round greeting you, the queue to see Mickey was over an hour! There were no characters at all to see around the park. The weather was terrible and it would have been good to see staff making an effort to cheer people up when I fact most were extremely lack lustre.The food is extremely expensive, you can find in the expensive restaurants, or eat hot dogs for over    7 that have no taste, although you'll have to eat standing, cramped up in a corner as there is a lack of table space when it is raining!The attractions in the Studio were much better but still lacking in 'magic'.I have been to the attractions in Orlando and would recommend saving up your pennies and going there as no one does Disney Magic like the Americans do!P.s   can't review firework as they were at 11pm and children were far too tired to be up that late!Stayed with Wife and Daughter (11) for birthday of Daughter and beginning of half term. We have never done Disney before, so were not sure where to stay or what to expect. Very disappointed, I'll try and be as informative as I can, without ranting or going on. Sequoia Lodge Montana Lake View, 4134 was quiet and clean, but very basic. The 'continental' breakfast only offers children's cereals, bread and pastry, processed meat and cheese. Nothing with any protein in it. We sacked breakfast in search of some eggs ! If you want eggs or something hot you need to upgrade. Sequoia wasn't our cup of tea, we should have spent a bit more money and tried one of the better options, but you don't come here for the hotel, do you !Which leads me on !!!Again   first time here, so not sure what to expect !15 rides closed for 'maintenance'. Really !!!!Basically you may spend 5 days walking from Space Mountain to Indiana Jones. (One of which closes next week !!) If you have a child who likes thrills and not fluffy princesses. The shows are outstanding. We saw The Lighting McQueen Stunt Show twice. Buffalo Bill Wild West show, The Parades and the characters. Top quality with clearly talented individuals taking part. Birthday dinner at Cafe Mickey. Usual food choices but very pleased with time spent with Daughter by Mickey, Minnie, Goofy and Pluto. Well run by their 'Manager' !!The few rides that were open were amazing. Top quality and well run. If you like your food choices to consist of saturated fat, salt, sugars and carb loaded   then you're in for a treat! If you want healthy then you may well have to try the one or two restaurants in the Village that sell a salad. After an hour of queuing, of course! We had a lovely meal, that wasn't deep fried, at the steakhouse on our first night. We tried to return on our last night to a 2.5hr wait!! Joke!! The park was half empty as it had been chucking it down all day! On the plus side   it rained, and rained and rained. Which meant that, when the working rides weren't closed for fear of lightning strikes (or whatever)   there were hardly any queues. So we didn't need our Fast Passes   which only appear to be valid as and when the park chooses !!!Beat the queues by using the single rider option. Most of the time you get with a chum anyway and the wait is a fraction of the alternative. If you stay at one of the Park hotels, you get early access from 0800. They omit to inform you that it's only a small part that is actually open. Most of it ain't!!Again, not sure if regular users would beg to differ on that. But it was our perception. By the way ! If you want a gluten free (don't judge !!) menu at Buffalo Bills Show, think again. The option is worse that baby food. The children's chicken and potatoes would have been perfect instead of the aeroplane slop they gave my wife! Planet Hollywood offered a superb gluten free menu though. But after an hour and a half wait to be seated and served   we sacked it ! Ok, so maybe I ranted a bit and did 'go on' but I expect more from the Disney Brand. Please don't judge us. We're not usually this weary !! Our Daughter certainly enjoyed herself and that's all that mattered but I'll not be giving them a second chance. Sorry. .I have visited Disneyland Paris twice before   and both times had a very enjoyable experience. However, my most recent visit (over the last weekend in May 2016) was very disappointing. A few rides were shut for refurbishment, including a couple of the bigger attractions, which pushed up queue times on other rides; additionally, some further rides shut for a portion of our visit or experienced technical difficulties which led to even longer queues. On one occasion, we queued for over an hour for one ride to then be told that it was being closed   without any further information given to us either whilst we queued or after we were told to leave.Access to the Princesses is very limited   either you have to pay for the most expensive restaurant on the site (which I have done previously) or queue an extraordinary amount of time at the Princess Pavilion. We queued for over three hours (despite being told the queue only lasted for two hours, after we joined it 10 minutes from the park opening) to spend a couple of minutes with one Disney Princess. Again, there was no communication given whilst we queued. Following this we couldn't even eat at the park as the queues for restaurants were out of the door at every establishment. I suspect this was due to the bad weather but, being based in France, you think this would be accommodated for.I am a huge Disney fan so it saddens me to be so negative but I did find my experience lacking compared to previous visits.This was a very expensive holiday to book taking 4 grandchildren to begin with. Then to have lots of the park closed, prices for all related products and poor food bordering on highway robbery was the final straw. Sadly the French have just not got the flair to run this size of operation and that combined with it's location made for a very disappointing visit. You expect to queue going to Disney but 2 hours plus for some rides is too much especially with young children. Having rides closed just adds to the problem with more people for fewer rides. Some of the staff were very rude and surly in their attitude. I could write pages but my advice would be don't go, save and go to the USA where you will see how it should be done.I've been to all Disneyland Parks and I have to say this one was the most disappointing. Mainly because half the park was closed as we visited. Just so many rides shut down for renovation. And this on a holiday weekend. Because so much was closed, the waiting times for the remaining rides were unacceptable. Its impossible to wait in line with two toddlers for over an hour. Even though we used the FastPass once, the rest of the rides with FastPass that were interesting for smaller kids were closed. We had dinner at a restaurant in the park and this was supposed to be a highlight. But it was one of the worst meals we've ever had. Full Price paid for the half of the park. Unacceptable waiting times. Bad food...There are better parks. Not coming back.Leave it to the French to ruin something as American as Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom. The park is lacking any unique marquee attractions, and the clones try to be different but for the most part are poor imitations, aside from Phantom Manor. Maybe we were fortunate that half of 43 attractions (which counts the classics like Dapper Dan's Hair Cuts) were closed, as the Americans try to bail out the failing French again! The only thing worse than the French  customer service  is the obnoxious, mostly European crowd,smoking EVERYWHERE, despite the signs asking them to keep it to the smokers sections. We also enjoyed pleasant strolls every evening past the street peddlers who looked ready to snatch your wallet if you were dumb enough to buy the crap they were peddling. The only thing that kept this from a 1* review is the gorgeous castle, and the amazing Liberty Street pathway that is a hidden shortcut to avoid the crowds. If you are in Paris and have to do a theme park look into Parc Asterix right down the road from CDG. Or take a day trip to Efetling or Europa Park.I have visited disneyland paris several times as a child and as a adult alike but my current trip starting the 20th May in the Disneyland park with my partner and 5 year old daughter has been very disappointing, we have found alot of the main attracions to be closed for refurbishment and as my daughter is only 126cm she cannot go on the idiana jones or space mountain rides, she may be 5 but she is a great thrill seeker and with the big thunder mountain being the only big coaster she could ride being closed she was very bored and unimpressed by rides like pinocchio and snow white. Then also to find that peter pan (one of my faves as a child) was also closed as well as most of adventure land, they may as well of shut pirates of the carribean and closed that part of the park altogether. Then to find yesterday as we went into the Disney studios that the  rock and roller coaster  is also closed just topped it off as it was another coaster that my daughter could of fit on yet it was not possible again. To add to it was when we cued up for the new  ratatouille  ride we were told shortly after that there were technical difficulties and we could not go on. I think that disney should either of concentrated there efforts on certain rides at certain times and not all at once or at least offer a discount ticket as you are not getting the whole experience from a ticket that is the same price with all the rides open.We use to go every year to Disneyland Paris.   The quality of the services decreased but the prices increased!!!!The air is constantly thick with cigarette smoke, which does nothing to dispel France's reputation as the chimney of Europe. Too many inconsiderate people walking around with no regard to anyone in their proximity (i.e., getting in the way as if the whole path is theirs, stopping abruptly, etc.). Asked for help with a lost umbrella in City Hall and the girl returned only to serve someone else   memory like a fish! On this occasion, the friendliest staff were the security guys and not the cast members although they were still very helpful taking photos.We got to meet Aladdin and Princess Jasmine, Alice and the Mad Hatter, Donald Duck, Gaston, Jafar, Peter Pan and Wendy Darling, Princess Merida, Princess Tiana and Prince Naveen, Tigger and Winnie the Pooh and Tweedledum and Tweedledee.The best places to pick up cheaper food and supplies are in the train station in the Relay shop (on the south side) and the huge Auchan hypermarket in the shopping centre at Val d'Europe which is only one stop away. Planet Hollywood and Earl Of Sandwich are the better places to eat in the park village.Having been to both Disneyworld Florida and Disneyland Paris I can hand on heart say they were mad to build it in France, seeing as the french dislike almost everyone on the planet...including other French. Came here in May for long weekend 7 rides were down for repair and the main parade is the same everyday. Cost a lot of money for this trip and honestly i would spend the extra and go to America where they do it right. The newport pay was decent hotel though and staff there were at least friendly.A great experience as one would expect. Great rides for kids, well planned and executed shows and staff can't do enough for you. Disney characters are great and look after young and old alike.The only thing that spoilt the visit was seeing Brown Rats running around scavenging for food. Despite what is a very clean park they obviously have a vermin problem that they are not on top of. So I expected to see a Mouse or two (Mickey and Minnie) but ended watching out for rats when we sat down to eat and drink near the T Cups.Come on Disney you can do better to control this problem. Not nice when young kids are playing in the same area as rats are running round and spreading disease.We went to Disney Paris a couple of weeks ago, and although our children (aged 8&6) enjoyed it, my husband and I came away thinking this place is a lot less than magic and really needs a refresh and a good sort out! Whilst we were there, three of the rides broke down ( two whilst we were in the queue, and one while we were on it) and disappointed a lot of people, especially those who had been queuing like us for over an hour. The staff didn't seem to care   just took it in their stride and this was obviously a common occurrence for them. They happily gave out tickets so we could get back into the ride later, but that's not the point. Disney   you advertise this as a magical experience   rides breaking down and being sent to the exit queue does not equal magic, and even our 6 year old commented on it   her illusion of Disney spoilt already.. Most of the rides need a good refresh, and most of them are equivalent to what you can get in your local theme park, including basic fairground rides of the carousel, tea cups etc ( all of which you have the pleasure of queuing over 30 mins for!)   allegedly all part of the Disney Magic!! Luckily the new Ratatouille ride saved the day for our children   despite a 90 min wait. They insisted on going on it a couple of times, and we were happy to oblige, having finally found a ride that was a) 21st century, b) innovative and c) unlikely to break down. My husband and I had both been to Disney Paris over 15 years ago ( pre children) and nothing has changed in that time. The parks are resting on the same ageing concept, old fashioned rides and Disney characters that quite frankly are really not worth waiting 90 mins for ( thank goodness for Cafe Mickey otherwise the autograph book would have been a waste of time). I would strongly suggest you save your money, and aim for Florida, and in the meantime satisfy yourself with Legoland, Thorpe Park etc and certainly not bother going to Paris, being ripped off, and experiencing boring old fashioned rides.Big Disney fan ,but what a disappointment! First I could not believe they allow smoking throughout the park, everywhere. A lot of the rides were being overhauled which I can understand and appreciate. All the restaurants served pretty much all the same 3 items. Disney studios was not that great at all. The back lot tour was a joke. The merchandise that was available was not the great, just a very poor selection to choose from. The employee's even said they were years behind from the other Disney parks. It just seemed to me that Disney half assed this park. I'm glad I went but would never go againWe arrived Friday 6th May morning, and the day was basically a right off, many sections were closed for refurbishment, the crowd was absolutely massive and only managed to get on 1 ride the whole day due to huge waiting times (90 minutes per ride). we were unable to get any meet and greets due to to the long lines. food was also a waiting game up to 45 minutes to grab some lunch. tickets were obviously oversold. Lucky on Saturday, the next day we were able to get a meet and greet with Donald. Its crazy that Donald finishes at 11 am, leaving many children disappointed. cant they have two Donalds available to extend the meet and greet time? The Disney studio which we spend all day Saturday at was far more entertaining than the main park. I don't think we will return again.Firstly a number of rides and attractions were shut   Frontierland was a particular disaster with the Haunted Mansion and Big Thunder Mountain closed. Pirates of the Carribean was also closed and a number of others including Rock N Roller rollercoaster which seems to be closed peramently. There will be a huge Star Wars ride but this won't be finished until 2017 (think this was Star Tours). This leaves a number of dated experiences such as Armagedden which frankly is crap, and the art of Disney animation which now looks so dated. Other attractions are the basic Disney ones (i.e. Small World etc. which is for very young children).The best features are Space Mountain (fantastic), Ratatouille   very good and the Indiana Jones ride does a loop and is decent   the rest are pretty standard fair. Crowds for each ride varies   depends on the time of year you go but waiting can be anything from walking straight on to waiting over an hour for each ride. Food is very expensive and is mostly junk food   be prepared to pay 14 euro for a burger, fries and a drink. The fireworks display at the end of the night were nothing short of spectacular   don't miss it. However Disney can't relay on this alone   they need a major overhaul of the entire park but while the crowds keep going I doubt they will do it.Really really dissapointed. Have been many times but this was the worst experience. More than 5 major attractions not in use!! Then the park was overfull.... I mean who would que 3 hours or more for a 3 minute ride??? In the first 4 hours we managed one attraction. If the park needed evacuating they would NOT be able to! My Disney annual pass shall not be renewed. And the 105    for the friends tickets were not worth it. Once you are in the park the only thing then is to shop and eat and drink... So spending more                . Very very expensive boring day!Just back from 3 days at Disneyland what should have been a pleasant experience but ended up with a very annoying 3 days .As several attractions were under renovation ( such as Peter Pan ) or due to technical problems even closed for several hours ( such as Ratatouille ) the crowd focused on those that were open with result of long cues and waiting times of up to 3 hours .Unacceptable experience and never again .The scariest ride here is the long lines you have to wait. We stayed at the disney hotel and arrives at 8 am and only 3 attractions were open ? Shame on you ! I was at California and orlando disney and no comparison for value for money .There are many attractions that are constructed and should open end of 2017... French time The food is great and that's something that in the U.S. Is terrible We visited on 26th April and paid 67 euros per adult (x4) and 64 euros for our 4 year old. We got there at 12 (it opens at 10am) and found it to be quiet in the ticket queue. Once inside the park however, it became obvious that a lot of the rides for younger families  such as Robinson Crusoes tree house and the pirate boat were closed. In total 14 attractions were closed. Most of them aimed at the younger audiences. Of the children's rides that were open, there were at least 20 minute queues for Dumbo, Carousel, teacups and mad hatters tea party. We did t even bother queuing for the character meets as the wait was 30 minutes and the encounters were too brief for it to be worth it. We stopped for a bite to eat in the diner. Food was VERY expensive and cold. Not worth the money. We ended up riding the  it's a small world  boat twice and then it was time for the parade. The parade was the best part of the entire day. I think that we should be warned about the ride closures prior to purchasing tickets and the tickets should be reduced if lots of attractions are to be closed. Overpriced and not good value for money when attractions are closed.The theming of the park was nice and the kids loved the characters. But the queuing was ridiculous: we waited 90min to see one princess for 30sec! Equally, queuing 70 min to meet Mickey for 30sec (and this was during the magic hours with less traffic).Another issue: currently Frontier land and Adventure land are basically closed due to renovations   everywhere construction sites.Been there, done that. Won't do again in this life...Our kids have been waiting for years to visit. We made a major investment getting there   and expensive it is. The positives were the happy and engaging scenery, the sweet staff and the well organized and clean place. The major negatives were the massive renovations, the closed and constantly malfunctioning rides (twice while waiting at Buzz Lightyear) and the amazing fact that people smoke everywhere regardless of kids. Disneyland has a no smoking policy with designated smoking areas, but does NOTHING to enforce this; no signs on entry, no no smoking signs inside and not a single staff member seen reminding people smoking right next to them. For a park for children, obsessed with cleanliness, that is truly sad. Other park; LEGOLAND, Universal Studios, etc have long sorted this out. Disneyland Paris, please enter this century: get signs up everywhere, make every staff member enforce and level fines for violations. Please.Too many attractions were closed, so it was hard to find things to do. The show at night is impressive.A large proportion of the Disneyland Park is currently being rebuilt   so when we visited in first week of April there was not a single attraction open in Frontier Land and four other major attractions were closed in the rest of the park (Peter Pan, Robinson Crusoe Tree, Adventure Isle, Star Tours)   playgrounds, 2 of the train stations & Roller Coaster in Disney Studios. This, of course, put even more pressure on the rides that were open and the wait times during the school holidays are horrendous ... even with fast pass expect to wait up to half hour on popular rides ... Expensive, tired looking and lacking any control of people, Disneyland Park was a disappointment. It promised so much but many parts of the park are in need of some serious updating. Some of the rides are based around films that I would consider old (noting that the Classic Disney movies are I love Disney. I grew up with it, I've taken cruises, and Disney World is one of my favorite vacation spots. Therefore, I thought going while I was in Europe would be cool, and I made the sacrifice, on my study abroad budget, to pay for the tickets. Imagine my excitement when I found out the tickets were two parks for the price of one on the day I was planning on going. I checked the website 10 times (not an exaggeration) to make sure that the information I found was correct. I proceeded to purchase the tickets, but the website would not allow me to add the tickets to the cart. It kept redirecting me to new pages until I finally clicked the option and it added the tickets. Cool trick because it was the wrong ticket selection. For the same price as the two for one deal, Disney offered admittance to only one park. That was what I ended up buying and using in Paris. We went to the Studios first because it was smaller and then never got into Disneyland Park. I went to customer service for help, and they did not live up to the Disney standard. He said he knew there was an option for two parks for the price of one, and yes, it was exactly the same price, but since I put the wrong one in my basket, his manager said there was nothing to be done about it. THEY WOULDN'T EVEN BE LOSING MONEY. I wasn't asking for free admittance. I just wanted the ticket that I was not allowed to purchase a few days before. I've done case studies in class for Disneyland Paris, and they're not doing well. Maybe it's because they are screwing people out of money and doing absolutely nothing to make their guests feel welcome. Disneyland Paris does not represent the values of Walt Disney, and it is incredibly disappointing.We booked our Disneyland Paris break last June 2015.When we arrived for our spring break holiday we were very disappointed, along with our three daughters to discover that the majority of the 'big' rides you associate with Disney were closed for maintenance.Whilst I appreciate maintenance is crucial, it seems greedy and very off that they allow the same amount of visitors into the park when basically there isn't enough rides to go around. The queues for the rides that were operating were awful. Queuing for over 1.5 hours to go on a ride that we could have gone on on a pier in Britain just isn't on. That is not what you go to Disney for.No compensation is offered, you just have to get on with it. We had saved for months for this and were bitterly disappointed.Check carefully before you book for closures.I have put a complaint through to Disney but doubt I will get any response.We recently moved from LA to London. We are very familiar with Disneyland and Disney World, and have spent time in Tokyo Disney. So we are used to the quality and standards Disney usual sets. Unfortunately, Disneyland Paris falls short in nearly every area. Pros:  Disneyland Paris has the prettiest castle and it has a dragon under it.  Discoveryland (their version of Tomorrowland) is very well themed and unique, the details and care taken in this area are obvious and it is the highlight of the park.  The Ratatouille area in Disney Studios is another fantastic space, and the Ratatouille ride is exceptionally well done.Cons:  Most of the rides are much better at other parks. Pirates and Phantom Manor (Haunted Mansion), for example, both have obvious bare ceilings. If you've ever ridden Pirates in California, you know that the ceilings are part of the show, with wafting clouds, creating an amazing illusion of space. This may seem trivial, but when you've seen Disney imagineering at its best, it's hard not to see it as lazy at Disneyland Paris, because it's nearly ever ride that seems like they've taken short cuts or just couldn't be bothered.  Restaurants and shops close early (or don't open at all), depending on the day. This is something I have never seen at any other Disney park.   Cast Members are no where near as friendly or as effective. Our last trip we saw open drug use, with cast members not bothering to do anything. We also saw a man pee against a wall. Not exactly family friendly... This is in addition to the constant smoking, which is just par for the course   be warned.  Maintenance is another huge issue, as the parks very desperately need some TLC. From things constantly breaking, to graffiti, to much needed updates, Disney really needs to address things. The truth is, if you have a chance to visit any of the other resorts, I recommend them highly. Each one has things that make it unique and special. But I would not recommend Disneyland Paris to anyone.Expensive poor quality food, long queues, Many closed rides!!! You have to go to the park early to get 1 fast pass. A poor relation to Orlando. Fire works show was good and you can walk around the parks easy in a day. 4th visit and it's looking tired. Won't be back anytime soon.I have recently returned from a short visit to Disney Paris with my family and thought I would express my disappointment.What should have been a great alternative with less travel time was not to be! Our approach to the park was met by Hammering and Swaring. The wonderful views being obscured by wooden fencing so not so many great photos to take away.I have never felt so discriminated against as I did whilst within the parks, the majority of staff made little attempt to make us feel welcome nor did they even try to make an attempt to be inclusive. On the Tower of Terror the member of staff was joking with the French people on the ride but made no attempt to even speak to us English. The same can be said for the Armageddon ride. We were often moved from the prime seating positions so French families could take them, French families were allowed to push through the que to get to the front. A large number of rides were shut! Frontier Land, The Pantom Manor, Thunder Mountain, Family Robinson Tree, Pirate Gallion, Star Tours, Rock N'Roller Coaster all shut. Why was there no discount on the tickets?? All in all a very dissatisfied visit. It is not surprising that Disney Paris is not making money if this is the way customers are treated. Maybe your staff should take some lessons from the staff in Florida. Florida maybe you could show Paris what customer focus is, will save to go to Florida all day. Won't be going back to Disney France.Far too many rides shut for renovations   the problem exacerbated by the fact that park numbers are not reduced. Net result the other rides are much busier, leading to some ridiculous queue times: 90mins  on the more popular ones.When booking be aware the following are closed long term:Adventure Isle & Pirates    BeachBig Thunder MountainLa Cabane des RobinsonPhantom ManorPeter Pan   s FlightPocahontas Indian VillageStar ToursThunder Mesa Riverboat LandingRock    n    Roller Coaster starring AerosmithMany of the bigger rides and attractions were closed for refurbishment which meant that the queues for all the smaller rides were ridiculous. These rides don   t have a fast pass system, so you have no choice but to wait in line.I went with my wife and two sons (age 2 and 4), and there was no way we could get them to wait for 45  minutes to ride on Dumbo, or the space ships. Most of the people in these queues were adults or much older children, who are waiting for rides that are probably intended for younger children.Also, many of the children   s play areas were also closed and two of the stations were closed, which doesn   t help.We stayed for 4 nights (3 days in the park) and apart from watching the parade, and one show, it was a complete waste of time and money. We spent most of the time traipsing around trying to find something for the children to do which didn   t involve waiting for nearly an hour. I think we went on about 3 rides in 3 days which is just ludicrous considering the price.Our ticket enabled us to visit the Walt Disney Studios Park which was also a complete waste of time. We went on the studio tour, which was OK, but there was nothing else we could do there. The wait time for the parachute drop was 85 minutes, and about an hour for the turtle ride. We were there for maybe a couple of hours before we just gave up and went back to the hotel!I complained to the staff at guest services in the Disneyland park, and they were quite unsympathetic. There was no apology, and they basically said that the closures were published on their website, and that was that. They did offer to give us a courtesy ticket for a ride which would allow us to skip the queue, but by that time we were at our wits end, and our children were tired and wanted to go home.All in all, our kids would have had a lot more fun if we   d stayed at home and done a few days out to local attractions. It would have cost a fraction of the price, and we would have all been much happier.I think many parents see taking the kids to Disneyland as a rite of passage, but I don   t think it should be that way. If your kids are desperate to go, then by all means take them but be sure to manage their expectations to avoid disappointment.If your children are still young, then I would suggest postponing your visit until they reopen the main attractions. As an adult couple, it might be OK, as you can just stand and wait for however long, but that just doesn   t work with a young family.This is actually my second visit to Disneyland in the last 5 years, and needless to say, I won   t be going back again!Staff are polite. Food is, unless you hunt out the few decent restaurants (blue lagoon and alike) appalling fast food. Queueing... absolutely terrible ... over 2 hours to get on some rides. Limit numbers Disney or do something. Having paid   50 per day each, in reality we got onto 3 4 rides in the day!!!! Expensive rides & disappointing for our 6 year old. With the numbers crammed into certain areas I would be very concerned in the event of fire or other terror attack there is no way you could escape quickly. Despite its magical feel, we won't be back. We went to Disneyland Paris the 2nd week of the Ester holidays for a 4 day break. The park is lovely and the parades are very good as were the fireworks, all be it at 10pm..but there was a constant lack of information, no characters walking around greeting children as would be expected, lines to see characters were over a hour as was each ride, fastpass is not all its made out to be...it gives a time to return which can be in up to 5 hours and then you can't take any other fastpass until that one is realised. For the princesses you need to be lined up by 09.30 (which counts out anyone not with extra magic hours!) to stand a chance of seeing them at all, when the quota is reached all others are turned away after waiting at least an hour in line, then if and when you reach the front you get a ticket to return later that day, but you only see one princess and you can't choose which one! I left the rest of the family eating breakfast to line up to see a princess and then was asked to have all the entry tickets to DLP for anyone in the group wishing to see the princess...so many ways to get caught out.Also my daughter wanted to see Elsa and Anna, but they only have these characters in the 5.30 parade, so you cannot meet them. They are Winter characters.Almost all rides in the frontierland area were closed so around 20% of the rides, this is apparently on the DLP site, but I couldn't find it, also on their site it says annual passes can be booked by calling a UK phone number, but after all this we discovered they cannot be booked apart from on the french site and all in French. We wanted to opt for the large family 20% discount making them cheaper than a standard 3 day pass but could not as I have a different surname to the others in my household, apparently you need to be married to be a family!...this is actually against human rights and European law...no wonder the customer services assistant in France would not put that in writing as asked for.I'm not sure we would go back as the overall experience was poor in spite of there being good parts to it. If we did go back I would not spend a couple of thousand pounds on doing so next time but would try to do it on the cheap by taking a self catering apartment at Val de Europe which has a free shuttle and is not too far away. We expected something great, kind of how it looks in the adverts...or less than that but more than the experience we got...Disney Studios next door seemed better than the Disney Park itself.Having said that we stayed at Explorers hotel which was excellent for the money spent and star rating, staff couldn't have been more helpful, rooms were comfortable and clean and kids facilities could not have been better with an indoor and outdoor play ship for kids, a water play area, pool and flumes and a soft play area. Food was good for a buffet...The sad thing was that the kids were asking to go back to the hotel each day when we were in the Disney Park...a bit of a disgrace to Disney.have been coming here regularly with family . its not got that draw any more . it was easter holidays.  park was so busy with children . waste of money for oldies like us .If you have never visited a Disney park ever, you may think that this is a great park. However for me who came here 17 years ago and who has done Florida twice and Disneyland California, this just felt a little tired and failed to live up to expectations.Not as many characters around for the youngsters to meet which meant that the ones available had longer queues. Also had instances where characters advertised as being available from a set time, then 10 mins later we would be told they need a break soon and will be back in 20 30 mins but you can simply wait in an already long queue, I found this unbelievable!! If they need a break after only 20 mins why can't they take on more staff to swap around?Across this park and the Walt Disney Studios, too many large rides shut for refurbishment which I think is unacceptable the amount they charge to stay here. Why more than two major rides being shut at one time is a mystery and feels to me that they simply take their customers for granted. What rides they have for the youngsters are good and this was a saving grace.Customer service generally received around the park is slow and at times rude. This again is another reason it just did not feel like Disney. I think when you take the park into account and the expense generally here in Euro Disney I would recommend people wait until they can raise extra funds and visit Disney World Florida instead.I would recommend not going to the park at the moment if you have older children due to so many rides closed. I presume it's all being refurbished for summer. When we were there they might as well shut down Frontier Land altogether as everything was closed apart from restaurants and merchandise shops. I feel we should be informed of this before we buy the tickets or provide a discount. Also, we queued for three other rides which closed due to technical issues. Three hours of waiting wasted. There were good points; all staff were friendly and helpful, the rides we did get on were good but overall disappointed and not worth the price at the moment.Read this review if your kids like roller coasters. I read several reviews before going, and knew some rides were closed, but was not clear of the extent. The main park has FOUR roller coasters. 2 of which require a 132cm height, and 2 others which seem to require 120cm or below. Both of the rides which can be ridden by smaller children are closed, AT THE SAME TIME. The mind boggles. I found it particularly galling that Space Mountain, which my child has ridden many times at HK Disneyland (a great park though very busy) requires 132cm in Paris but only 120cm in HK. (I thought this was a safe bet and I didn't check   doh!) On top of that, another ride he loves, RC Racer is partitioned in another park you'd have to pay more money for. We stayed a couple of hours and left... our worse day in Paris and our worse day at a Disney Park.With the park gearing up for its 25th anniversary, many of the main attractions are closed for renovations. In addition many of the services and venues were not open. The weather was cool and the lines were long. It would have been nice if the rates were discounted to reflect the lack of choices right now. We also find the park was overall dated and tired. It was clean. It is still a wonder for small children but has limited appeal to teens or adults, in our opinion.We have just returned from 4 days at DLP. I have to say we were very disappointed. A considerable amount of rides were closed including:Peter PanThunder RailroadHaunted House (due to accident)Star ToursRock and Roller coasterPocahontas Indian VillagePirates VillagePirate GalleonRobinson Tree HouseRiverboatAdventure IslePirates of Caribbean (Most of 1 day due to technical fault)I think this put enormous pressure of the other ride ques some of which the times for waiting were in excess of 2 hours...ridiculous when you have small children!Also the magic hours were ridiculous as the rides weren't open until 10 and the Studios gates don't open until 9.30?! Very poor.Having visited here in 2003 I was very much looking forward to returning, however I was shocked to see the general state of the park, and to see that most of the experience was linked to buying Disney merchandise, queuing for too long, paying too much for food & drinks (35 Euro for 2 hot dogs and 1 fries). I would really advise this place only for families with young children. In 2003, there were Disney characters and staff wondering around the park engaging with guests. This time I did not see any characters apart from the parade, and if I queued up for 1 hr I could meet Mickey Mouse and have my photo taken with him (for a fee of course). We were not impressed and left after 3 hoursWe visited Disneyland on a wet day and what was really noticeable was how long we spent standing in lines waiting for things. It wasn't hugely busy and yet one of the rides had a 60 minute wait in the rain. The time on the rides was often just a few minutes long after 10 30 minutes of waiting to get on them and once everyone was on the ride they seemed to take quite a while to get going. The signage in the parks is bad, the management of the flow of people, how they find information, where people walk was poor. Once you were in a queue it was hard to get out and it felt like there was a lack of investment in the structure of the park. A lot of the rides had a part that wasn't operational. I was generally disappointed. In spite of this we enjoyed a number of the rides and our day wasn't a complete wash out. It's a Small World, Dumbo the elephant, Pirates of the Caribbean were good fun but it was expensive for something that just generally felt like it could have been done better.We have just recently returned from a 4 day stay, this was booked last year and we visited this park a number of times over the last few years.Please be aware that there are a number of rides that are closed, they are, Thunder Mountain, River Boat, Star Wars, Pirate Ship, Tree House, Train, Rock n Rolla. It was an absolute joke, I was aware that Thunder Mountain was under going upgrades, but in my opinion for my age group of children, it was a wasted trip, I will be complaining, they are happy to take your money and keep sending emails with more offers, they just don't tell you how many rides are shut.Everybody expects to pay over the top when visiting theme parks but Disneyland is just ridiculous and is simply there to squeeze every last cent out of parents. We had a 4 day pass but because the weather was too awful on 2 of the days we only used half of the pass time. Thank goodness we did because with 4 younger children it could quite possibly have bankrupt us.    17 for 6 poor quality hot chocolates of vending machine quality and    3.50 for a donut!The cheapest outfits are    69 each.It wouldn't be so bad if the service was top quality but it's not.Very disappointed that the 'Magic Hours' pass only allows access to Fantasyland and you still have to wait until official park opening time to visit the extra parts of the park.Won't be returning againVery disappointed on my visit to this resort. Maybe we have been spoiled having visited Orlando a few times. Prices are extremely high in the food courts and some of the attractions were closed. This should have resulted in a reduction on entry fees. We went to Disney Studio first and was disappointed that on a walk around the park there was no characters around. In Orlando you are falling over them. We went to the main park around 1500 and caught a part of the parade. It again was only on the parade we saw any characters. We went to the Meet Mickey House at 17.30 and it was closed for the day. It had been open but closed before 17.30 so if you go then visit this park first. I always enjoyed my visits to Orlando and LA Disney but this is a poor version of the product.I've been looking forward to see Disneyland since it oppened in 1992. Though im grown up today, there has allways been an inner child, looking forward to see the place, where all the charachters you have been following since a kid, is walking arround. But here is the first complaint. We spent 12 hours in Disneyland, and we hardly ever saw any of the main charachters walking arround. The only time we saw them, was at the end of the day, in the big parade. Very disapointing. The charachters, should walk more arround in the park, so visitiors(espessally the children) can take pictures etc with them. Other complaint is all the smoking. Its a theme park made for children( I know grown ups enjoy it too, with the rides etc), but come on. Every where people where smokeing. Make some smokeing areas in the park, instead of people smokeing every where. Even in the lines children an non smokers had to me choked in smoke.And this is not disneys fault, but could their not be some sort of camera in the lines, that sends people away, when they are skipping the line, cheats in front of others, or smokeing in non smokeing areas(shouldnt be allowed to smoke any where near lines etc)And last of all. We bought at souvenir for hour friends child. The toybear was damagade when we got home. The ink saftey hadnt been cleared proberly, so when we got home to the hotel, the paw where the ink saftey, was socked in ink. Disney refuses to answer, and get a refund, even thoudh we have a recipt, pictures etc of it.The 2 stars is for Space mountain mission 2, and some of the live shows, stunts etc.Very disappointed with our recent visit to DLP. We went in the first year of its opening and several times in between, but to be honest apart from a few new rides, very little has been updated. I wonder if next years 25th anniversary is the focus for all the current ride closures now, as the Park tries to 're launch' itself with ride upgrades. The result, whatever the reason, is an unacceptable number of ride closures on our visit with more to come (just check the DLP ride closure list its a long one!). There is only Haunted mansion open in Frontier land, and all other lands have closures along with the entire Railroad. The entrance to the Park is a building site too. Such a shame because it feels like the heart is missing from the place. The price to get in is really not worth the experience and food, drink and merchandise is a disgraceful price. Kids just don't want to know that things are really expensive, Disney know this and we just have to lump the extortion. The whole Park and Hotel areas are constantly plagued by cigarette smoke despite designated smoking areas. safety is apparently the top priority for DLP but it seems acceptable for our children to inhale carcinogenic smoke constantly in ride queues, parade areas and just about anywhere really. Smoking is banned in USA Disney Parks why not DLP? The theming, parades and night time spectacular are still fantastic experiences but I feel rather robbed with so little on offer. Suppose things can only get better.Visited for five days with family.....including four small children.....santa fe hotel fine.....no real complaints but beware when you book.....dlp think its fine to shut large numbers of major attractions at the same time.....9 were shut for yhe whole week we were there...inlcluding thunder mountain, rock n roll roller coaster, star tours, peter pan pirate ship, peter pan flight, swiss family robinson tree house, thunder mesa riverboat ride ....two others we queued in excess of 40 mibs for and then the broke down!!! We couldnt book character lunch or dinners, they were booked up solidly for a further two weeks....and another 8  major eateries are shut for the forseeable future....left us very disappointed and wondering what is happening at dlp.....they are happy to relive you of liads of mobey but not provide what you have paid for....BEWARE!If you've ever been to Disney in Orlando, FL or Anaheim, CA you will be terribly disappointed. This visit was on my husband's 63rd birthday as we were in Paris and he's a Disney fan. As others have said, many rides were closed. I mean MANY! The whole place is sadly second rate compared to the pristine Disney grounds in America. We saw shoddy evidence of disrepair all around: cracked sidewalks, rides in need of paint, dirty canopies. The park is relatively small. Laughable, if not so sad, was the Disney parade. We waited, excited to see the  parade . It was 3 cars, with most of the main characters missing! Blink and you'd miss it all. Was supposed to be a trip highlight, and was really just a sad story to tell later. Travelled for a friends young daughters birthday by ferry which was horrendous but that is for another review...quick tip...do not travel by ferry whilst black..absolutely awful people & surroundings.Checking into the park you are greeted by rather lecherous wardens who tried to get mine & my friends number..this is whilst we are with 2 under 6s..not impressedThe park itself is dated and tje main 'attractions' are the myriad of shops & arcades to spend lots of money in. Foodwise its disgusting & expensive..really commercial The disney chatacters act as if you are bothering them if you ask for a picture or even a signature which they will only sign in an expensive disney brand autograph bookIn general staff are rude & dismissive..we ended up missing half of the light show due to one not bothering to tell us what time it started despite us asking. The lightshow is beautiful but ruined by every father propping up their child on their shoulders so unless you are 7 foot  you havent got a chance of enjoying..and most children arent..Was so relieved to leave & return to the UK..awful experience would never go again even if I was offered a free ticketthis is our 3rd visit, but won't be back, the amount of attractions closed and under repair at one time is a joke, we are now back at our hotel after 3 hrs round the park, we have a 3 day ticket so if anyone is staying at the dream castle without tickets and reads this you are welcome to ours, the smaller children's attractions are all open, but for teen and adult's it's not great, a few closed attractions La Cabane des Robinson, Pirates Beach, Adventure Isle, Thunder Mesa Riverboat Landing,Buzz Light year Blast,Rock n roller coaster staring Aerosmith, Disneyland railroad closed through out the whole park, also the front area outside the disney gate is closed off, i will have missed quiet a few but didn't want to keep going on, one thing i should say we joined a small que at 1pm (at the exit,) make of that what you willwow, and not a good wow.food was expensive but we knew that going in and brought our own lunch and drinks. saved a bundle therethis place had major attractions closed.the hats for purchase need to come in more sizes,there was not much magic going on, the park was dull and boring. barley saw and cast members in the park to ask questions and the one we saw did not know what a smile was until you approached them. did not seem approachable.We had more fun at the park next door.This place is no where near what the California location brings to the Disney name and expectation.Buy your tickets at your hotel if possible. Long queues , not many decent rides and the fast passes run out early. You buy a fast past for each ride if you can get your hands on them. If your idea of a magical time is a naff theme park long queues and expensive food then come here. You don't even see Disney characters walking around .You will probably find some of the rides are out of order too .honestly I would not recommend coming here all you do is pay for the Disney name .Very small park.  Warning:  a lot of rides and restaurants are closed during the off season.  This was our biggest complaint.  Get ready to spend 20 30 euro per person to eat.Being someone who tries to get in a visit here almost every year, it makes me feel a little sad to write what I'm about to. Having just got back from a 4 night visit I am not in my normal rush to book again mood, I'm in a not sure I ever want to go back mood. Yes I know it was half term week so it was going to be a little more busy, however it wasn't as busy as I expected, yet I still found myself in 2 hour lines waiting for rides or meet and greets. This was due to some cleaver person deciding that too many attractions were in need of TLC and rather than close one at a time they decided to do all of those attractions needing tlc at the same time. Years of under investment has more than likely forced this on the powers that be at Disney, however other attractions or extra meet and greats should have been offered to make up for these attractions. This would have reduced wait times for everything, leaving more happiness rather than stressed out, cold grumpy families and I'm not just talking about my family. Everyone was moaning about the same thing and it really did take the magic away from the place. Can I also add grumpy cast members and even characters who really didn't seem interested or bothered. The lack of characters around the park did not make things any better and those that were doing meet and greets the lines were very very long, as after all isn't that why most people go to Disney. I'm sure my little girl wasn't the only girl who was left disappointed by the lack of princesses to meet and no frozen anything anywhere apart from one float on the much shorter than usual parade. I feel for the money that me and everyone else spent last week to visit, it really was not worth it and I feel like my money should have been better spent elsewhere.. There were a few high points mainly how good the girl who was Aurora was with my little one, however let down by the 2 hour wait for her.  I know Disneyland paris is having money issues but this is not the way to change that. I have been home for a few days and I feel in no rush to go back, which is a strange feeling for me as I normally re book straight awayNot like America and they're Rene's are half Disney and half I don't know what but it was an experience. I don't recommend to Americans who have been in Orlando at all.It's nothing like what they advertise. I was really looking forward to this trip. We'd planned for months by using the forums and advice out there. I was aware that some of the rides would be closed. i knew it was expensive, I was even prepared for the queues. Extra Magic Hours translated into only two areas being accessible. We'd planned for the weather to be cold, but there is misery only a child can experience in waiting 40 minutes to see a princess in the snow and ice. A princess which might or might not be there when it's your turn. The kids got bored of waiting in the cold very quickly. Sure you can ensure your child meets the character of their dreams, by paying extra for a meal with them, but the food on offer isn't suitable for the young, picky eaters. We reserved tables at Cafe Mickey only to discover so had a lot of other people, the kitchen and the poor staff couldn't cope at all they kept everyone shivering outside, yes more queues. We'd planned to make use of the Ranch pool, but we were turned away (along with others) as there was a fault with the pool, and offered a swim at another hotel. This after just driving back from the Parks to swim! As a result the to ing and fro ing cost us a complete afternoon and missing the evening show. If this is Disney off peak, I'd hate to visit in summer, with the crowds making the experience so much worse.We were very disappointed with our visit to this parkBefore you even get in you are plagued with immigrants trying to sell you stuff, these should be cleared away as the children were quite frightened by it.The park was very very crowded they need to limit the number of people allowed in as when we were there it was rammed and you had bother walking about.The food on the site was awful and very overpriced 80 euros for burger and chips for 4 of us I wouldn't have minded if it was nice food but it was terrible.The long wait for the rides was hard for the little ones one ride was over 2 hours wait trying to make a 2 year old and a 3 year old wait I found very difficult.All in all I will not be visiting Eurodisney again.Having been to various theme parks, this was disappointing. A lot of rides closed for maintenance or broken on the day. Staff not very apologetic and it just seemed a bit of a waste going when there was hardly any of the rides open. We only got to do about three rides. We were travelling as two adults.Parade was lovely. Didn't wait for the night show as it was too cold and nothing to do as the rides were closed. Shops way over priced as usual. The place itself is quite small. I know it is low season but a lot of the restaurants were closed also which meant massive queues to even get a cup of coffee. My boyfriend queued for about 20 minutes for two drinks. (We were desperate as we were so cold!!) Due to a lot of the restaurants and rides closed, it took away from the whole atmosphere in the park  one of the areas was like a complete ghost town as everything was more or less closed.Have been to Disneyland Paris several times over last ten years, and have to say was disappointed this time.Too many years of under investment are starting to show, Far too many rides shut at the same time, too many breakdowns of the remaining ones and things like toilets shabby and or dirty. Staff in the park generally good, helpful and friendly, the few exceptions we may have caught on a bad day, or asked the same question a thousand others has asked before. Always wanted to go to Disneyland Paris and what a disappointment it was. A few good attractions, but boy is this place a RIP OFF. Very overpriced and the food is utter rubbish for the masses. Coca Cola you should be ashamed to allow you drink to be watered down so much its like coloured water. Disney, we know the park is in debt to 1.9 billion euros, but hey this is peoples hard earned money your robbing.Take my advice folks and go to Florida Disney, there it really is the dream and warm too.Getting there was easy as pie, being from another country. Caught the train to Disneyland station and the Park was just a few steps away.I was excited at first, but that soon changed as time went on. It didn't feel like there was magic and it was a lot smaller to what I was expecting.We lined up for a ride, as it said that it was only going to be a 20min wait. We ended up in line for almost an hour and then even before we could get on, the ride had to be closed. We gave up on trying to go on rides after that as the lines were way too long.The only good thing was that we decided to eat lunch early. So we managed to beat the lunch rush.In the end we just took a lot of photos. There were just too many people. You will need more than 1 day if you want to go on all the rides.At least I can say that I had stepped foot in Paris Disneyland.Kids had a good time, but it was below expectations. Meeting the characters is way too challenging, they shouldn't issue those autograph books if you need to queue 35 minutes to get a single autograph. The light   firework show is cool if you can stay that late. The parade is OK. It just felt really dated, the star wars ride is really old technology I thought with all the start wars mania they would have something cutting edge. Have never been to Florida but everyone we met said there is no comparison.Altough is a very interesting amusing park, was so crowded that is impossible to have proper fun. With an average of one hour wait for each show, became a VERY expensive money to spent, My advise to the organization: limit the entries. Another advice, avoid Christmas and new year season. Unfortunately my sensation was very disappointingThis was my 4th time & I am afraid it wasn't the best. A lot of the rides were shut & pizza planet was shut too.Even though as a family we have been to Florida three times. But in January we decided we needed a little break and we thought disneyland paris. We enjoyed some of the rides that Florida don't have. What we were disappointed in was the park closing times. We never thought about checking them before going. We paid a lot of money for a two day ticket. 1st day it closed at 9pm 2nd day it closed at 6pm !!!. Having been used to Florida closing times of Midnight we were hacked off. So we went to the city hall to complain which was a waste of time. They were not interested in what we had to say. More so we complained when we arrived home. Still waiting on a reply from them. So less time in the park with no reflection on the price of the tickets. Love paris as a city but won't be back to Disneyland Paris.First of all: the park is absolute magic. The parades are perfect, the actors keep the illusion alive, everything is done to keep you dreaming.Bad thing: prepare to wait. For. Everything. Wait when entering the parking (30 minutes and 15 euro extra to the almost 70 euro person tickets). Wait for the security check (1 hour and 10 minutes). Wait at least 1 hour and 30 minutes for something that lasts 2 minutes? (Peter Pan). Other attractions may last a little longer but the wait is the same.Completely irritating: the fast pass. Jump the queue so you don't have to wait. No, everybody else in the queue will wait 20 minutes longer, thank you!The park is due for a make over, you start to see a lot of wear and tear (paint, broken lights,...) And why put up non smoking signs when you don't care? Same thing with selfie sticks.See you in 2020 or so...A disappointed fan.Our large party (8x adults & 6x children) travelled to Disneyland Paris on 26th December 2015 and spent two days in both of the theme parks.  We purchased our tickets ahead of time in the UK at a cost of   95 per person which is...MoreCame here for my triplet girls 16 birthday as a special treat.  Sorry to say that this is not a patch on Florida.  Here are the low lights   Too small   No magic   No characters wondering around   Few staff around except on rides   Loads of Rides...MoreThe lines are too long, average waiting time is 45 minutes standing around screaming kids. That's how they convince you to buy the quick pass, but it's expensive.   All the gift shops, restaurants, & snacks kiosks are over priced.   I came in 01st Jan 2016,...MoreIt may be due to the French management, staff or whatever but business was not as smooth as you would expect. Very long lines no matter where you went, very expensive low quality food. It has lost its magic to us...I have just returned from a four night break in Disneyland Paris with my wife and two teenage girls. We decided to take a new year break in the theme park to break a little of the monotony of staying home on New Year   s Eve...MoreWhat a waste of time, effort and money. Awful food that we had to wait too long to get and rides, whilst fun, took way to long to queue for. Disneyland your fast pass system is awful! Never going back there again...We have just returned from a 3 night stay at Paris Disneyland 27th to 30th December. I can honestly say I simply do not get all the hype and the myth of the Disney Magic, if you enjoy getting completely ripped off, queuing for hour and hours for 1 minute rides and looking around hundreds of merchandise shops then this is the place to go. The parks are way over crowded, the only way to describe it is if you when to a premier league football match with a pram and tried to walk around the stadium it is absolutely chocked you cannot move. The ques are just ridiculous with times ranging from 40 mins to 2 hours, the wait time for food and drink in fast food places is 20   30 minutes min and the only time we never waited in a que was when buying Disney stuff for the kids, as there are so many shops selling the same same same same things you never have to wait. My 4 and 7 year olds did have a nice time when we got on rides but to be honest they have had better times at Alton Towers and Lego land where there are far more rides and attraction to see than in Disney and it does not cost me a small fortune. The cost of food and drinks is shocking and something I cannot see how Dsney can justify but everyone is there and you just have to take the big hit in the pocket. 4 hot dogs, 4 small hot chocolates and a water    43 euro. Meals for 4 will set you back    150 euro for bog standard food it's a rip off. If I can avoid it I will not return, my advise is find another theme park somewhere else in the UK or Europe and you will have a better time and not get robbed by the money making global corporation. Disney turned over $52 billion for the last financial year of which $16 billion came from there global parks operations and now I can see why.Rip off start to finish Having paid near to 300 just for park entry I was definitely expecting more ..We arrived at 10 am with two kids 6 and 7 and we were not prepared for the amount of queuing involved right from the start . By the time we were INSIDE the park que times on rides were already 1 hour . We had a turn on the merry go round which lasted just over 1 minute ... Next we tried dumbo but a 90 minute waiting time deterred us so we headed for the thunder mountain . A roller coaster my 2 kids can ride and had been looking forward too ..CLOSED in fact apart from the frozen sing along the entire area around thunder mountain was being refurbished and was closed or under scaffolding .My wife and daughter then had to que 15 minutes to go to the toilet !!! Unbelievable ! We decided that we would have a bite to eat then try for buzz light year . Ok I expect to wait for food but yet again que sizes and lack of seating spaces meant we were unable to actually sit down to a table in the three restaurants we tried first . Eventually ending up with a sand which . The kids were becoming a little annoyed now having realized that today was going to be a bit rubbish in my six year old girls opinion . So I took her to see the parade the frozen characters came past in a coach too quickly past imo ... Followed a sort time later by the Disney Dream parade ... Again a few floats went past , admittedly the costumes and staff playing the parts were superb so I thought but it was so difficult to see anything . All the space is taken up with fenced off gradens and concession stands selling the same over priced goods all over the place . And there just seemed to be too many people . My kids were hungry and I needed a coffee so we headed for adventure land where there is more for the smaller ones . Again the toilet que for the ladies were incredible and on entering the men's found the ladies were queuing in there as well !! My wife waited 35 minutes at a cafe   refreshment stand manned by one person there was never less than 20 people in the que at a time and when my wife arrived next to the front he said he was closing !we managed to get 2 very good toffee apples though and a coffee . Thanks ...Next stop then fast pass tickets for buzz light year ride my seven year old boy having been 2 cm to short for space mountain and thunder mountain being closed really wanted the buzz light year ride .. It's getting on for 3.30 pm now and we have basically been queuing from 8 am ... Our shuttle bus had broken down on the way to the park .... No problem for fast pass tickets ... For 21.15 pm hahaha! The que was again at 90 minute mark so we headed for toy land and slinky roller coaster . 40 minute wait for a forty second ride . If it had been a roller coaster no problems but this ride just went round in bumpy circles .. 4 times .... My six year old girl had , had enough ... We headed for Disney studios where it was the same scenario ... 95 minute wait for turtle roller coaster . 45 minute wait for magic carpet . So time was up we were hungry and a little cold so we headed back to our hotel and returned in the evening for the show and buzz light year ride which we had fast pass for . The buzz ride is not to be missed and IF you can stand with your kids on your shoulders for twenty mins or so the closing show is incredible tbh . So over all our experience was a disappointment and one we will not Ever repeat again The only magic in Disney land is how fast your wallet empty s The end .Ok, we spent 3 days walking around the park. It's just way too populated to actual enjoy it. For 2 days it was fairly busy but the 3rd day was hurrendous. You have people pushing in front of others trying to get on rubbish rides like there lives depended on it!We went with our disabled son. The thing they don't advertise is that if you go to the town hall they give you a disabled badge so you can skip the queues. This was a life saver BUT we were only lucky to get the info to obtain it on the second day by chance.My main issue is that they CHARGE to use a stroller or wheel chair! Never known anyone do this for a disabled child. This is morally wrong and the park needs to sort this out! Oh not only is it    15 per day but if you want to take it to your hotel you have to fork out a further    50 deposit. Plus every single time you take it past the gate you have to produce the letter...a nightmare when you have 4 children to hold onto. The toilets on the 3rd day in the park were disgusting. Not cleaned nearly enough. The show held in the park was great the first time...but very repetitive.Take my word for it....1 whole day and evening is all you need. Anymore and u get fed up of bumping into people, constantly waiting in queues for rides which last less than a minute.Best part is disabled access to the rides...worsed is paying to use a wheel chair. All in all it was ok, will we go back? Nope. Visitors smoke and ignore the no self stick rule. The staff are not always pleasant. And the rides don't match the same title at Disneyland. Amazing to watch everyone gather for the Frozen parade that contains 1  yes, one  float...the princesses in a sled drawn by two horses.Went in the quiet period and that was bad enough. The rides and other attractions were interesting but not really designed for adults. The food was wayyyyy overpriced and horrible (if you are lucky to snatch some hot food before others get to it). We purchased the 2 Park pass. Don't bother as it will take you a day to negotiate just 1 Park. I think the best part of the day was the fudge we found on our way out of the park. Would hate to see this place during peak periods. I'm pretty sure I would've just walked out with any more of a crowd. Saved up to take my 3 children to Disneyland for their Christmas present. They loved it but their dad and I were disappointed that it wasn't more  Disney . There were no characters walking around and apart from the parade we never saw a single Princess. My 5 year old is Frozen crazy, 2 years after it was released you would think that there would be something Frozen there but there was nothing (except the parade). The queues weren't too bad for rides. The food was very limited. There was only burger and chips in the cheaper restaurants but nowhere at all to sit, so we ended up sat on the floor, which after paying   10 (between    12    15) per person is not good. Glad we went but won't be rushing back. When we arrived around ten a.m I was expecting to see at least one of the characters who arouse the fantasy of all the children in the world: Minnie, Mickey, Elza and Anna, or Cinderella...None of which were to be seen during the 5 1 2 hours we spent with our grandchildren ( 3 and 6) in Eurodisney. Eventually, Pluto was around for pictures. But none of the special characters were around. I heard a father calling aloud   Mickey, where are you??  near the Indiana Jones attraction  to no avail. My granddaughter asked me several times if we were in Disneyland...She was longing to see a princess, of course...Pluto was not her thing...During the X Mas parade, held twice within this period of time, we saw a glimpse of Disney  s famous characters, but only as a glimpse and only Minnie and Mickey. It was not the atmosphere expected! What a deception...Plus, there  s only one fast track for every  group  of attraction, which translate into at least 45 minutes of queueing for the rest.I went with Family of 6 people and it cost be 78 Euros to go and come back to my hotel on the tube. First of all the queues for the rides were extremely long as staff were not very quick at doing there job. Second of all they charged extra to meet the characters there.None of the characters were around walking in parks to meet apart from a couple who just ignored us an ran off which was disappointing for me and my family.The food pricing was ridiculous and not a choice of variety for vegetarians as well.We attended EuroDisney on 31st October to see the Halloween displays etc. the car park on arrival had no staff to direct parking, which was a free for all.The day passed without incident, but we left at 19:00 just when the Halloween visitors were being allowed in, resulting in a mass scrum of people and no staff directing, it was dangerousOn the travelator on our way out, approx 30 minutes later, something happened and a stampeded ensued, resulting in people being trampled and my getting injured, we complained on 2nd November, as we travelled back to the UK following the incident, we are still waiting for a response...This is my forth time at Disneyland   Main Park   and certainly my last one for a loooong time. Price for park entrance continues to increase, however the attractions do not improve, rather they tend to get old. While some time ago it looked as the magic street with Disney characters walking and cheering your kids, Main Street is now only a shopping avenue. Mickey and his Disney friends have disappeared. if you want to meet them, and take pictures of your kids with them, you will have to cue, as they became an attraction like any other: Peter Pan, or Utopia, etc... You need to walk to them for a picture of two, and be prepared to cue. At the time of our visit, 2 November 2015, four mechanical attractions were closed for maintenance or being out of order, so even in that  green  day, we were cuing an average of 30 40 minutes for an attraction of 3 5 minutes at the available attractions. If you decide to go for the experience anyway, roam to all attractions were you can take your free fast pass   and do that early in the morning, because at midday fast pass tickets will be gone.If you like Disney this park is ok, staff are very unfriendly and food was very bad. Price is expensive, didn't really like it.What a disappointing visit. My first and only visit to Disneyland was in May 1992 about a month after this place opened and I loved it. Being 23 years older, and still young at heart I hoped to enjoy it just as much. Sadly this was not the case.A lot of the park is under repair and out of bounds making the remaining rides so much busier. I was really looking forward to the Pirates of the Caribbean ride but almost cried when I arrived at the queue to be told that the were some technical difficulties and to come back later. Not happy.Upon return a couple of hours later the ride was open and I did enjoy it very much. But that was all I enjoyed.Lunch was expensive and very ordinary and I was surprised and disappointed to see so many people smoking around children.The Disney merchandise is very expensive but of good quality. I didn't buy any but my friend did.I won't bother again.Disneyland Paris (and Walt Disney Studios park) is beautiful. The parades are spectacular and awesome in every possible way. The final show is fantastic. But that is really it. The lines are awful and the rides all but spectacular. Many were closed. This is a place for kids and even though ours are a bit bigger now (6 and 8), they really don't enjoy standing in lines for hours! Everywhere. I was forth in line to get one (1) hotdog, they were two staff and yet it took 25 minutes. I went to the park early to get a timeslot ticket to meet a Disney princess, it took 40 minutes to get it and the timeslot was 30 minutes in the afternoon and yet we had to wait indoors   without a chance to get refreshments or visit a restroom   one hour and fifteen minutes. We got to see Ariel two minutes in a dark room. There are so much junk food in this place. And it's expensive! 50 euro for an ordinary hamburger lunch for an ordinary family. We managed to get seats at the Plaza Gardens Restaurant in the evening, and it served a (very pricy) nice buffet. Otherwise, all the  good  restaurants were fully booked. Having paid 500 euro for two days, we had expected to meet some of the characters walking about. But no. We were terribly lucky to be in time for Mickey in Frontierland when everyone else were preparing for the parade in the evening, but other than that we didn't meet anyone else. In two days!Our kids are happy, but I think we will skip the French inefficiency and arrogance in the future.Like the studios in need of a large cash injection. Too many attractions with brokendown displays. Unhelpful staff who have little commonsense or initiative when dealing with visitors. Impossible to get a basic ice cream for a young child!! Ben and Jerrys closed till mid evening? Queue times very very optimistic and food prices high for poor quality. Not the park it was 5 years ago, having visited many times since 1998.Main attractions were all either on maintenance or with issues. Very annoying when you're queuing for an hour and you're being told that the attraction has to be close due to technical problems... Food options are very expensive and quality is not on pace. Parade and fireworks are very nice also. They count for 2 stars. Wow.........went to both parks over the last week and could count the cast members smiling on one hand, where's the Disney Magic?So, so disappointed, the parks are tired and down town is so small it gets over crowded.Disney management need to get hold of all its staff and give them some customer service training, if you put a like for like staff member against those in Florida ...not one French staff member would have a job.....sorry.....the only bonus was the impromptu character appearances around the park and late night show......other than that......go to Florida (already booking mine), unless you have unruly kids then stay in France please.......We have visited DLP on many occasions and this latest venture was timed for Haloween. I checked the planned ride availability when I booked the tickets some months ago and the only ride scheduled for closure was Its A Small World. This was indeed closed during our visit but to our surprise we also found that the River Boat, the Park Train, Dumbos Runaway Train and the Storybook ride were also all closed. In addition, the Silver Spur restaurant was also closed for 2 days during our stay. This greatly reduced the number of rides we could use and quite honestly was a bit of a con. Disney should have stated this in advance but did not.I have not bothered to complain since I had cause to complain last time over a matter regarding disabilities and received no reply so clearly Disney is not interested in feedback nor customer satisfaction management. I expected better but sadly DLP is one of the weaker theme parks of the group and our latest experience continues to bear this out.Terrible waste of money . Just want you to shop and buy Disney merchandise . Feel so sorry for families with younger children . What a disappointment .We went 'off peak' before the October holidays began thinking it would be less busy but we were in for a shock. It was so busy it was a nightmare to even get a table to eat, impossible to book anything via our hotel. We never managed to book a carachter meal at all during our stay, but did get to meet Mickey at Buffalo Bills Wild West Show, which was a highlight. 1 hour queues for rides. Rude and stressed staff especiallyin food places, very overpriced. People smoking everywhere. It surprised me how many adult only parties there were queing for the rides meant for the younger kids (slinks ride and Buzz lightyear!!) and pushing in front of the kids to meet carachters.. The kids were struggling to see the parades for the adults barging in front. 75% of people there behaved like animals, it was truly shocking. There were a few magic moments (Disney Dreams) and the look on my kids' faces meeting Cruella De Vill and Maleficent but the crush on the shuttle bus afterwards Dreams was a total health and safety nightmare, an elderly lady was almost trampled under the bus because there were hundreds pushing to get on when the park closed. Unless you are a total Disney nut job, as were the75% of previously mentioned visitors are, I wouldn't recommend this one little bit. Kids loved the few magic moments we had but it but we certainly wont be back to.Filthy park, rude employees. To many visitors made the stay unbarable. The non smoking areas was not overheld and the staff did not take action towards those who broke the law. I have been to Disney World in Florida and Disneyland Park did not meget my expectations.Went during the off peak season and quite a few restaurants stalls rides were closed   too many for my liking and some restaurants even closed early (surely worthy of some sort of discount to get in?!). The food and drink is expensive although you can get cheaper snacks and drinks from the Relay shop (the larger one of the two) in the train station. The fast food is atrocious and unimaginative compared with the likes of Hong Kong Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea. Only one flavour of popcorn was available   no caramel, chocolate, curry, honey, milk tea, salt and pepper, soy sauce, strawberry, white chocolate, etc. The stalls only sold candy apples and doughnuts   no churros, cookies, frozen yoghurt, hot dogs, pizza cones, waffles, etc.We did get to see a lot of characters however and as the Halloween season was beginning, the villains were out in force, even doing their own show followed by a meet and greet. Rafiki and Timon on 1 10 15 were great, full of energy and mischief, as they perked up our spirits after a long day.There were a lot of smokers in the park. What is wrong with people? Why is smoking not banned here? The majority of the Disney staff were friendly and went out of their way to help you except for one   Stephane. Rude, grumpy, unhelpful with a bad attitude. Not what you'd expect from a Disney employee and ruined your mood.Buzz Lightyear Laser Blast is always fun but it constantly broke down while we were on it and some of the targets didn't work (tested thoroughly during the many disruptions).Bring a coat, the area is flat and gets very breezy when you're outside.If spending an ungodly amount of money to wait in lines for 10 hours for 10 minutes of really cool rides is your idea of a day well spent, then Disneyland Paris is right for you. Europa Park is a much better deal. The lines aren't nearly as long and, with the exception of a few exceptionally good rides at Disney, the parks are otherwise comparable.I went to Disneyland Paris in April 2015 and was completely unimpressed with the number of rides that were closed not working on the day. On Disney's website they do keep a list of rides that are currently closed for maintenance however on the day many of the main attractions such as Space Mountain, Rock and Rollercoaster were closed yet I was charged the full price.Secondly the lack of vegetarian food available in the park's restaurants park was disappointing.I would recommend if you have young children to go however if you are looking for a few faster rides I would give this a miss. If you are a veggie take your own foodmaybe I've been spoiled by having Disney experiences in hot sunshine with American welcoming customer service, but a chilly day near Paris in the pouring rain just didn't cut it for me. Good points were frontier rollercoaster , bad points were the numerous ride breakdowns caused by bad weather. I would save your pennies for Florida I think! I found that I had an extra day in Paris so I decided to go to Disneyland. The train system makes it very easy to get to the park and I highly recommend taking the train to get to the park. However, I must say, my visit was very disappointing. The bathrooms were very dirty. They smelled of urine and gave the impression you were in a run down gas station. There were cigarette butts all over the grounds and there was trash floating in most of the water features. While some of the staff were pleasant and helpful, I found that most of the employees had an attitude that the guests were an annoyance. This was especially true in the food court areas. The park was very inefficient. The food court lines took forever and many rides were sent out with empty seats, time and time again, even though there were guest in line to ride the ride. It just didn't make sense to me. This place had the feel of a bad six flags park rather than a Disney park. It was a real shame. I will say I visited in Sept. and this is their  off season . So, maybe there was a staffing issue. With that said, the weather was great and there were hardly any lines. So, if you do go, I would recommend going in Sept. I also found that the Space Mountain and Pirates of the Caribbean rides were much more up to date and all around better than the ones in Los Angeles. Certainly, if you go, make sure to see these attractions. One of the more curious disappointments was many of the attractions were closed. ie. Indiana Jones roller coaster and the Crush roller coaster in the Disney Studio parks, as well as others. The park had an overall feeling that it was on the verge of going out of business. Again, it may be that Sept. is a slower time and maybe a high time to do repairs? I was fun to hear the familiar Disney songs in French. And, as always, it was great to see kids and their families of all backgrounds, races, religions, etc. all getting along together and having fun together. However, I certainly would not waste my money at this park. I would recommend you go to Orlando, FL. or Los Angeles Disney, instead. Bottom Line.... The Disneyland Paris is just not up to Disney standards and upper management really needs to revisit this park.extremely disappointing. Many of the main rides closed and a few more broke while we were there. No Disney spirit, very few characters, dirty and very tired. Staff did not want to be there very miserable Don't take the Disney bus from the airport, very expensive and lied about the time it takes to get to Disney just go get the TGV train which is 10 mins instead of 1.5 hoursI love Disney USA but would never return to EurodisneyI had lowered my expectations so I wouldn't be disappointed, but having half the rides closed, with some closing while my two nieces 10 and 12 were inline was unacceptable. If the closed rides were listed we would not have excited headed to them in anticipation. I really feel the entrance fee should have been reduced because of this. No major roller coaster. The only thing different than Anaheim and Orlando according to my nieces was that was a little different, but it didn't seem as high to me. It was a very cold experience almost  Stepford  like. No loud laughing running kids and smiling families. No characters roaming the park. Even the British families who had been to Orlando were just as disappointed. .No smells of cotton candy, tempting pastries or hot chocolate as we walked through. Maybe its just the French blas  ?Its a con! Its as simple as that!4 nights for he price of 2 yes   BUT half the park is shut down.Its a real lame effort if you ask me   we queued for 40 mins twice on rides that said the waiting time was 5 minutes....As for seeing Disney Characters   obviously on their Holidays because we saw just a few.... with massive queues for autographs. In the States they are all over the place all the time!!!Its a 'never again' visit for us.... talk about half baked...This Park is way overrated. The price you pay, the wait times to long, and the attractions are to short. 75 minutes for a ride of 3 4 minutes is unacceptable.Why is there a ride with cars that is called Autopia, while Disney has a huge hit with Cars??? Just change the old  Futuristic  cars in Lightning Mc Queen and his friends from Radiator Springs.Way are there so little amount of Disney characters walking around the park...You had to reserve a spot (indoors) to see Mickey.... Even if we wanted that, it was  Sold out  on the day that we were in the park... try to explain that to a 4 year old....Gone down hill since last visit 7 years ago. Biggest disappointment was lack of characters walking around park for pictures and signing autographs. Now children have to queue for long periods just for a quick picture, really poor. Staff at the park mixed, some great but sadly the majority are walking around miserable, rude and unhelpful when spoken to. Weekend days were extremely busy, and should be avoided if possible.I am struggling to find anything positive to say about our visit. It was a family visit comprising of grandparents (in our 50's), children (in their 20's) and our 3 year old grandson to spend a day in Disneyland. First thing that we bought was an autograph book for our grandson so as he could fill it up with all of the Disney characters signatures. He left the park with an empty book as there was hardly a single Disney character to be seen. Those that we did see as we walked around every area (two of them all day) rushed past everyone followed by their minders with just a cursory wave of a paw. Where they were heading in such a hurry I'll never know, but not one of them stopped for a child. The Disney staff were just as scarce, apart from those that manned the retail outlets, which appeared to be the overriding aim.... get as much money out of the visitors as possible. Every ride had at least an hours wait, unless of course you paid the extra for the Fast Track. Vending stalls took 20 minutes to serve you. How long can it take to sell someone a fizzy drink? The same to buy a balloon, yet another 20 minute queue. We tried to take the train that runs around the perimeter of the park. We joined yet another queue to see a half filled train leave the station so we gave up on that as well. I don't know whether they allowed too many people in that day or if there were huge staff shortages, but it really was the most disappointing day out imaginable. In fact we could hardly wait to leave the place as we sat there looking at this mass of humanity being fleeced at every turn. My recommendation. Go in Febuary when it is raining. You might then get on a ride and not feel like a sardine.Was there with 4 children , and all experienced park as poor , dull and with attractions that mostly consisted of 75 minuter with queuing and 5 minutes experience.We have been to many parks around the europe and this one is one of the poorest .Expensive and not worth the money .The positive site is that the staff is very helpful and speak englishAlthough it's a norm to wait in line, this place is crowed much, lines are long for 60 minutes and above, even the  FAST PASS  machines shut off at noon so basically if you are late, you have no chance for the fast pass to certaIn rides. Besides, all smokers are enjoying their liberty to smoke in parks, despite this is a kids place. Food court are horrible, lack of flow control and very pricey. BRING your own food if you could.Where do I begin, I travelled to this park with three nieces and nephews, I must say that they won't remember the queues, the ridiculous price of things or the total lack of everything that I expected but here goes. I did expect queues and food on the pricey side which I don't mind paying but being blatantly ripped off is really not my thing. The queues for the rides were simply ridiculous. We waited on average 45 mins to an hour for a 3 4 minute ride. After all that nothing spectacular or mind blowing at that. Over an hour wait to have a photo with any of the characters, of which we saw 3 during the whole day (almost 12 hours) Minnie, Aladdin and the Chipmunks. Forget trying to find a Princess to have a photo with one of my nieces, although every second little girl was wearing one of their dresses from the  dress up  shop which started at    70. Having read similar reviews and my experience there is no way I would return or recommend this sham of a theme park. But you know what, my nieces and nephew will only remember the time they spent in Disneyland with their family and I'm sure they have fond memories, and that is why people continue to go. Just hate being exploited and ripped off. over priced, over hyped, far too many people in such a confined area (far to craven for a pound note euro) rude and surly staff . food and drinks ok, merchandise a complete rip off. unsafe levels of lighting after the fireworks show (pushed trampled over) 3 times on way out, on crutches. queues that tested the resolve of this stiff upper lipped brit. and the thing is my kids are now saying they wouldn't want to got to the real deal in florida based on this farce (even though me and the wife know it rocked and we loved it ). went to parc astrix a couple of days later and it was awesome, everything Disneyland should have beenOver priced, long queues (I got on 3 rides) the rides were no different from Thorpe Park, no seating area to eat your lunch.....I could go on. Advice? Stay at home or save your money and go to DL USAI don't even think they count this as peak season and the waiting times were still over one hour for almost every ride we tried. We went with out 3 year old and the fast pass was useless as by the time we got there at 11 the next fast pass times were 6 pm! We ended up going on one actual ride all day, the teacups and had to wait 30 mins for a 70 second experience. You can't wait for over 30 45 mins with small children, it just does not work so they need to improve the fast pass or let less people in! Parade at 5.30 pm was very good but again so crowded it was hard to enjoy.Went same week last year , last week of summer hols , park was good , wait times where around 30 mins max prices for food was expensive but acceptable ,This year the park was maxxed out wait times 120 mins plus lowest times I saw was 70 mins I stood up on the castle and watched thousands of people squashed being moved around in the flow of traffic looking miserable , some losing their temper with other parents and their children , I remember thinking why do we do this , for our kids hmm I'm not sure as most of the kids where crying and unhappy , the prices have gone up I spent 1000    and   500 on my card just on food and drinks 2 adults 1 child , 3 burgers 3 chips 1 sprite 1 coke just under   45 was one lunch the evening meal was nearly   100 , absolute rip off I won't be going back my family spent 4 days at Disneyland Paris.in the middle of August the waiting time for rides were in some cases 85 minutes this is very poor to say the least.peak period the place is crowded as Disneyland only wants to earn money,and they have no concern for the long lines.the place itself is very nice and had it not been for the overcrowding it would have been highly enjoyable.bring your own water as a bottle of water is 3.5 euro Very expensive to get in. Simply extortionate food and drink. Pay to park. Massive, massive, massive quite simply massive queues.They just pack more and more and more people in, knowing that they will spend all day in queues, utter misery.Spent 1 hr 45 mins in a queue for a ride which last less than 3 mins. Music was on a 3 minute loop, 105 mins of this was torture.Queued to get on rides for 30 or 40 mins that are no better than any of the travelling fairs in Europe.Off site accommodation poor quality and very expensive. All in all very disappointing, will not be returning. It is of course an adult opinion, but it is frustating to make an incredible queue for so absurdly low attraction. My impression is that it is a place to spend a lot of money for nothingNothing new since I last went, all looks tired and rides keep breaking down. Still an outrageously expensive day, 90 euros on the door! and all the other expenditure when you are there. Kids loved it of course. I just felt ripped off when I left. Go to Parc Asterix, much more fun.Q's are a disaster, fast pass more often than not closed, staff are very poor it's like they wish there was no kids around. This is suppose to be a magical place for kids and the staff working there should be part of making sure the experience is the best it could possibly be, it's a far contrast to Florida, rides are far to short after queuing over an hour. Food is average and everything is way to expensive. Had to Q in a line with vomit and the staff had no interest in cleaning it up disgracefulFalling quality, rising prices just about sums up DLP   the rides are fun but during our week seemed to be very prone to breakdowns and intermittent service   particularly Pirates of the Caribbean and Thunder Mountain Railroad. Extra Magic Hours for Disney Hotel guests seem pointless as most of the Adventureland and Frontierland areas remain barriered off. Surprised that the toilet facilities were of such poor quality and in general were not too clean given Disney's usual attention to detail. Staff universally (in our experience) pleasant and happy to help not to mention honest (I dropped a    120 fitness tracker in Phantom, Manor and was amazed that a staff member had found it and handed it in). Positives were a wealth of catering outlets, lots of seating, access for 'larger persons' and an outstanding fireworks and light show (albeit at 11pm). Major negative (and this is a really big one) was the lack of Disney Characters   in five days only saw Pooh, Mickey, Minnie and Goofy outside the parade........ compared with Florida that is dreadful   the overall Disney obsession with Frozen was also a little too dominant. Enjoyed the trip but have been before and enjoyed it much, much more.As a lot of other peopl have said, the magic is most definitely missing. We came in August in the height of the school holidays, so crowds and queuing were to be expected, but not on this scale: quite simply the park feels way too full. Whe we booked, we were told we'd need a few days to do it properly but I assumed that was because there was so much to see, not because you'd only get a few rides in a day! At times, you literally felt like you were in a rugby scrum just walking along Main Street and I was constantly worried we'd lose one of the children. Ride times were on average 90 minutes and the fast track system is annoying as you'd end up with a ticket for two hours from now, and by that time the kids were tired and we'd be on the way back to the hotel. The restaurants also had insane queues, staff felt frazzled and demotivated. We went into an ice cream parlour and a very harnessed member of staff said her colleague would be out in five minutes. The boys spent the time choosing what flavour and toppings they wanted, just to be told it wouldn't in fact open for another half hour....cue tears and upset.On a positive note, the rides themselves (when you get on them) are fabulous and the Disney Dreams show is amazing and very worth staying up for. The Lightning McQueen stunt show and the Buffalo Bills dinner were both great too. I realise any theme park is actually a massive money making business but it doesn't have to done as blatently as this. There was almost no 'surprise and delight' or little extra touches to make the magic come alive. Every single building seemed to be a restaurant or a shops do everything is geared up to fleece you for extra money. When it started raining, my husband said  come on, let's go back to the hotel. It's depressing enough even in the sunshine....!  We definitely wouldn't be back here and when we talked about talking that boys to Florida, we've agreed we'll only visit one or two theme parks out there if we go for a fortnight   and none of them will be Disney.On a final note, I've read a lot of reviews like this and notice there is zero engagement or response from Disney themselves. Not acceptable from a brand nowadays.The frustration started with the booking process, when we simply could not get our tickets via the website. We wrote to them, and they said it was our bank which disallowed the transaction to go through. We ended up trying with credit cards from three different banks, and calling up each of the three banks, but all of them said the same thing   that it was the website that was not working. Disneyland Paris refused to accept that and continued blaming our banks.We finally got somebody staying in France to help us to purchase the three day tickets. Unfortunately for us, the frustrations did not end there.We got the feeling that they were simply trying to cram as many guests in the park as possible, to maximise revenue. They did not really care about the guest experience etc.The carpark gantry where they were collecting the car parking fees felt more like a border checkpoint, with lines stretching hundreds of metres, and waits of up to an hour   just to pay 15 euros to enter the carpark. It was more of the same at the security checkpoints (where they checked the bags of guests) and the park entrances. In the parks, queues were also very long and we spent at least 70% of our time waiting in line at the rides, eateries, shops, washrooms etc.The level of cleanliness in some areas in the park was also pretty appalling. The washrooms were almost always unclean. Tables and chairs at the eateries also commonly needed a good wipe (we saw many people doing that). There are also many corners in the park where one can definitely smell pee. Probably people had given up (or were unable to continue) waiting in line at the washrooms and just relieved themselves elsewhere.We also felt uncomfortable that people were smoking everywhere in the park, and that the only place where one could avoid having cigarette smoke blown in your face was, ironically, at the designated smoking corners. When this is supposed to be a kid friendly place, I am not sure if they might want to do something about it.We found language to be a problem in some areas in the park as well. I guess this is not totally the fault of the park operators. After all, we were in France, and it was therefore expected that there are always some people, service staff included, who only spoke French and nothing else. However, considering the international clientele of this place, it would have been a nice touch if they tried to teach their staff members to speak additional languages.the whole DLP thingy is getting old now, we have visited before (3 times ) but we took our grandson who is only 2 as it was his birthday, very very disappointed this time, if it not being refurbished its got technical problems, this happened to us several times whilst we was there, you would think the prices they charge for entry and merchandise there would be more investment !!!the place was rammed with people kids moaning about waiting for rides, how do you expect toddlers to stand in line for 2 hours in the hot sun (with no shading) c`mon DLP SORT YOURSELVES OUT )we even witnessed queue jumping several times and staff just turning a blind eye until 1 dad grabbed another dad by the throat and pushed him and his family right back out again (good for you mate )all these problems need to be sorted soon,Think to be fair my review is partly down to an exhausting day that we haven't quite got over yet and I'm sure our gripes are the same as many others. It's obviously a great place from the point of view of the look of it and our girlies loved it and there are good points because it's Disneyland. However it's over priced for starters, the food is ridiculously over priced and below average. Ice lollies are again over priced. I know there is the attitude of we've got you in here now we're going to fleece you that you get in all parks etc but this was something else. The fact that you pay over   50 for a ticket then they charge you 15 euros to park and then it took us nearly an hour to get through and we had tickets in advance is mental. Don't mean to sound like a grouch and we're glad the girls can never say you never let us have a dog and you never took us to Disneyland (they wouldn't anyway) but we've done both so been there done that. Oh and not a Disney character was seen apart from on the parade. What's that all about!The park is dated and in need of a thorough overhaul. It is more French than I expected, in a weird way   things like Star Wars C3PO speaking French! Armageddon is useless unless you speak French. If you get the choice go to Florida. If you must go to Paris I hope his helps :Buy your tickets in the UK before you leave from www.seetickets.com   we paid   50 per person (gate price is    90).Studio park is better than the main park however do the shows early   despite the park being open until 11pm the last stunt show is at 4pm for example. Restaurants also close early   by 7pm we struggled to find somewhere to eat.Use the Fast Pass system   allows you to book a time slot on rides then come back at the specified time so you can go off and do other things instead of queuing.Avoid the All You Can Eat buffet restaurants   full of screaming kids running around and their parents exercising no control (in fact most of them look like they avoid exercise entirely).Get a map (they are free at the entrance)   the signs in the park are hopeless.If you are staying in Paris you can get on the Metro (their version of the London Underground) at any station and get a train right into Disneyland Park. About    30 each way.We arrived at Disneyland at 11am, we didn't actually get on our first ride (Aerosmith roller coaster) till just after 1pm, we queued for 2 hours!!! It had technical issues but we decided to wait as we had already been waiting for an hour. We then went for some ridiculously expensive toasties (7 euro each). We then waited in the queue for star tours for over an hour and 45 minutes even though it said it would only be a 45 minute wait. We then waited over an hour again for the Pirates of the Caribbean ride even though it said 30 minutes, we then proceeded to space mountain to find out it was having technical difficulties and it will be at least an hour till it reopened. I'm happy to say I have been but it was a waste of money and I won't be returning.Just got back from a four day trip, we expected it to be busy being the school holidays but it was unbelievable the waits for most rides were more than 100 minutes and when you eventually got to the front of the queue the ride broke down, this happened to us twice on big thunder mountain ! And the tram tour off for a whole morning.The food prices have soared since we were there a few years ago, so take your own food in as the queues for that are unbelievable.Very disappointing trip for us and our 10 year old daughter as we did not manage to do all the rides even in the time we were there.This is our 3rd visit to the park and it will be our lastThe place is a shambles and a VERY expensive one at 550 euros for 4 of us for 2 daysFor that I expect ALL the rides working. Queued 3 times for Thunder Mountain only to be told it was again out of order. Refurbing Its a Small world...why in peak season?Queued for 70 mins for Crushems coaster to be told when we were next on that it had broken down! We refused to leave and got on 20 mins later when fixed. The back scenes tour broke down twice while we were doing the tourThe whole place needs looking at as the money generated on entrance, the extortionate food and merchandise needs investing in the park. This is not the Disney experience that has been portrayed for years but an expensive money making excuseThe queues are ridiculous and so why shut the fast track in the afternoon when the park is open until 11pmI really wouldn't waste your money and holiday on this and have vowed never to return........which is a great shame!We went for just a day to Disneyland only, it started well seeing the frozen show straight away which was fin for us all. However things went downhill from there, with two big rides closed with mechanical problems and queues over an hour. Even the ice cream stand took 30 minutes with only one counter out of 4 open. My tips would be to arrive early for park opening at 1000Get a free fast pass ticket immediately, that way you may get two in that day.Think about booking a restaurant, or plan to eat in the village afterwards were there are larger restaurants.They let you picnic which is good and there are plenty of water fountains.In Disneyland's favour we probably weren't an ideal family, with 3 children from 3 to 9, and not guests at the hotel. But to be honest I am relieved we weren't staying, as I don't feel it was good value for our family.The parade at 5.30 was good, and the staff friendly and helpful, even when the rides were broken.Leaves me feeling a bit like after a visit to McDonald's I won't be rushing back, and recommend you save your money for the films and toys.PS Thunder mountain with my eldest was fun, she closed her eyes the whole way around but insisted she loved it afterwards.We went in the school summer holidays with my 5yr old and 3yr old and found the park way to expensive for what you get; the queues were, for the most part all over an hour long and that's just no fun for anyone whatever their age.When we did get on some rides there were not that great, the most memorable for me being the Peter Pan ride, a jerky ride in rooms so dark you could hardly see; where is the Disney magic?All in all I think we managed to get on about 7 rides in total   if you are going you really do need more than 1 day. But is it worth the money? I certainly don't think it was, not for the rides we managed to get on. I have a season ticket for Paulton Parks and the rides here are similar and the queues much, much shorter. Ok it does not have the Disney magic but its much cheaper!We may go back one day but it certainly will not be in a major holiday period as the park simply cannot cope with the volume of people.we were for adults we paid 300Euros for only 3 rids as very very long queues.we'v been her before 10 years ago which was ok unlike now especially in summer time very crowded more than 1hour in queue for one ride..it was big mistake that we had to decide between astrix park and disneyland park we choose disney...the actual disney is in USAi will not be back . for those who are coming for first time try to visit out side high seasons .Having visited Disneyland Anaheim a couple of times in my life I was really looking forward to visiting Paris Disney but left at the end of the day feeling like I'd seen a very watered down version of Disney. I knew the park was smaller and expected to not see a lot of the rides and attractions available in Anaheim Disney but what we did see was totally underwhelming. Queues were ridiculous (as I would expect in summer) and fast pass access to certain rides were closed off by the afternoon   Why????? Other rides were also closed. The food we ate was terribly overpriced and of a very poor standard and the price of drinks around the park was extortionate. The toilets were dirty and bins around the park seemed sparse and overfull. The only character we saw wondering around was the Genie from Aladdin. Where was Mickey or Minnie or any of the princesses or even Goofy?Paris Disney has a lot to learn if they really want to be part of ' The Happiest Place on Earth' empire. My advise   save your money and take yourself out for a beautiful meal in a fine Paris restaurant   it will cost you the same. Disneyland park in paris was a shockingly bad experience. Do not go! It says it is where drams come true but actually it is where nightmares begin. Rides were boring that only lasted one minute. Yet you are in the queue for over an hour. It is like you are paying for something where all you do is stand in the queue all day. Even with fast pass you still stand in the queue for ages. The rides are also definitely not worth the wait. in disney I would reccomend bringing your own food as restaurants don't do much good food especially if you are a vegetarian and prices of everything is extremely high. it is far too crowded you can get easily lost and half the time you will be finding where you are on the map! Disney land seem to have very bad organisation as everybody was queuing up for the parade and one character came and they decided to cancel, they didn't tell anyone so everybody was waiting for no reason. If we didn't ask we would be waiting there for ages. Some rides in disney were the same as rides in chessington or legoland just jazzed up a bit. Staff also not friendly, overall experience was terrible and would not return. I am not sure about Florida, hopefully it is much better. After standing in a Q for the Pirate ride, for 45 mins   they notified us that the ride is no longer working. 2 other attractions were also not available    and this was not made available to visitors beforehand. 1 attraction scared a few kids as they were shouting hysterical when the ride was over. It was the Snow white ride. Q's are VERY long and the staff are not friendly at all, not helpful and not very friendly to kids either. We have been to Disneyworld in Orlando as well, and to say the least, disneyland has alot to learn. Only the staff inside the shops are friendly. We only saw mickey mouse and Minnie mouse, other characters were not available. If you want to got to a Disneypark, then i suggest Disneyland Florida. Dont waste your time at Disneyland Paris.Collecting fast passes for rides that didn't work. Queuing for rides that haven't work. The maintenance is abysmal to say the least. High profit very low quality return. Thunder mountain out of action, space mountain out of action.140 euros for two days  you will need them! Sadly not due to the vast array of rides but more so dealing with the problems and issues associated with the park!I've been on three rides today and eaten an overpriced burger with questionable meat content  Angus! Better quality at McDonald's.Hopefully day 2 will bring more joy!As a youngster I gathered a suitcase full of wonderful memories at both Disneyland in Los Angeles and Disneyworld in Florida so I write this review with a heavy heart. In the entertainment business Disney is second to none.The parks in America are stunning and the service is first rate. Disneyland Paris looks stunning but it doesn't compare. Attractions don't work or are being renovated. On a stunningly got day when we visited there were beverage counters closed. The lack of service is appalling and so unlike Disney. I know the park is not in America but you walk in with a certain level of expectation which isn't being met. My advice to you all is don't bother. Save your pennies up and make the trip across the pond to American Disney. You won't be disappointed but you will be here in Disneyland Paris.Visited in late July with a 5 year old. From the moment we entered the Park in just didn't seem up to the same standards expected at other Disney properties. Trash everywhere, street vendors, dead plants...We entered early for Magic Hours. We rushed to thunder mountain which we found out didn't open until regular time.. Then wee queued for Peter Pan, which broke down after a 30 minute wait. We then queued for Pinocchio, which also broke down.. This would be unacceptable at magic kingdom. We then went across the park to buzz light year which my kid enjoyed. Then space mountain was closed..Star Wars was no problem. I then went and got fast pass for thunder mountain. We then tried to line up for Peter Pan which was still broken. This was very frustrating. We then waited for haunted mansion,Munich showed a wait time of 20 minutes and was more like an hour. The wait times on all of the rides did not seem accurate at all. After riding haunted mansion I noticed thunder mountain was broken. I had fast pass and couldn't even use it because the ride was shutdown for the rest of the night. We then rode pirates of the Caribbean and ate at the restaurant there which was fare..All I can say is that if you have been to magic kingdom don't waste your time with Disney Paris, you will be disappointed with the cleanliness , the staff, the rides, and the general atmosphere. We visited from the 2nd of August for 5 days with half of europe. I knew it would be busy but the staff could not cope with the demand. All rides said they had a min of 30 mins queue, most were 70 80 mins but these were not accurate timings, it normally took longer. Rock and Roll Space Mountain and thunder mountain broke down a few times a day. Ratatouille didn't get going until 10.30 am (after we had queued since 9.30 it took another 40 mins to get on the ride). Fast track tickets are better but you are not straight on the ride, you had to queue. On the last day we gave up after a couple of hours.To get a drink with the half board vouchers it took half an hour. Fast food was 40 mins. I will never visit this place again. If you are going in August then I wish you good luck.I am a huge Disney fan and have visited the Paris park several times before, sadly this trip was enough to make me decide not to bother again. I expected long ques, I didn't expect people to be smoking in the ques or to see people wandering around the park smoking. Large parts of the park were closed for refurbishment despite this being one of their busiest weekends. Several rides broke down over the weekend, we were escorted off of one ride after it failed for technical reasons, not ideal when you have spent over an hour in the que with young children. We were unable to use the lockers in the park due to security issues but there was no warning of this before you entered the park. The characters are eager to leave their areas as soon as their allotted time is up leaving several children upset as they had been waiting to meet them (maybe they should stop people joining the line if the characters are about to leave?)and lastly the sheer volume of litter and overflowing bins was disappointing, the toilets were also in a terrible state, I appreciate it isn't Disneys fault how people use them but they did not appear to be checked or cleaned during the day as you would expect.. The only positive note I have is that the characters in the disney cafe were very entertaining and great with all the children. A weekend here felt too long and too expensive..1st of all good luck to find the depose minute or drop off place which is badly indicated since they really want you to park and pay 30 Euros:::: if you finally find it close to the RER station it will take you 35 MINUTES to get close to it since there is only one road with one traffic light allowing 5 cars at the time:::In August Disney Paris is runing a special for 47 EUROS for the 2 parks ;;; why ? may be because a lot of attraction were closed !INSIDE EACH PARK THERE ARE 5 ATTRACTION WITH 5 OTHER ATTRACTION  GAMES WITHIN 3 OUT 5 WERE CLOSED! lines were 1 HR LONG, smelly armpits as usual in this part of Europe free of charge! GO SEE MICKEY IN FLORIDA OFF SEASON OR visit parc ASTERIX for true French flavor ehehehGoing to a Disneyland park and not seeing a character without having to queue for an hour or as part of the parade is beyond ridiculous. Merchandise, food and drinks are however everywhere at expensive prices. Many of the rides are dated and are looking tired. Would avoid.We've been to Disney in the US in each of the last 3 years (Florida x 1 & LA x 2). We could not help but be disappointed by Disneyland Paris. It's in need of real investment which is clearly out of the question given it's current financial predicament. Many of the popular attractions were closed for the duration of our stay.We've been there a couple of times, so we knew what to expect, but this time we were disappointed: the magic has gone.For a start: people got stuck on Big Thunder Mountain, the attraction being closed (twice!) and everyone being told to leave the waiting area. Which is  fun  if you were standing in a queue for the past 60 minutes.And of course waiting times were huge everywhere. So if you don't use a smartphone with the Disneyland Paris app, you're done for. 40 minutes estimated waiting time upon entry, soon became 1h30. Everyone wants to get on a ride obviously, but for us the whole system of fast passes needs to get re looked at. On some attractions, there were no time slots displayed for the fast passes, so anyone with a pass could get on. No matter what time slot they were allocated. And people: if you stand in line: stay there. One person holding places for 6 others to show up as soon as you are about to enter the ride... it is NOT DONE.Nor is it very polite to breathe in eachothers' neck. There is a socially accepted thing called  personal space.  I don't like it if people get so close they can check the label of my underwear.And than, there was the staff. Some very friendly, some... well, not. We've been to Florida last year and every single staff member was polite and greeted us with a smile. It costs nothing, but it makes a huge difference.Oh, and I need to mention the parades. Or the lack of. 3 years ago, in Paris, a parade was a Parade. Fun to watch, lots of actors. Now, it seemed like  hush hush, let's get this thing over with, with as few staff as possible.  For example, what was advertised as a Frozen parade was one single carriage, carrying Elsa and her sister. Cutting in staff costs because of the 120 million euro Ratatouille investment, Disneyland Paris?And finally: the area behind the Castle, was unaccesible starting from 21h15. Because of the light show. Which started at 23h00. That was cool... since we planned on visiting the shop inside the Castle to grab us some crystal souvenirs. But hey, if you don't want our money...I know this sounds like a bit of a rant. But we were disappointed. Especially since we got to see what the American equivalent of a Disney theme park looks like. Disneyland Paris is beginning to look like something of an insult.Was it all bad? No. Of course we had fun. Because fun is what you make of it. Tower of Terror is a fantastic ride and so is Big Thunder Mountain. And Buzz Lightyear's Pizza Planet Restaurant is something we can recommend: all you can eat buffet at a fair price and helpful and friendly staff.But I really don't think we will be going back anytime soon. And that comes from huge Disney fans. This is our third visit in over fifteen years second in two years .I felt the attraction is getting passed its sell by date and needs to have some money spent on it to bring the magical feeling back .At least four rides were closed for refurbishment we felt a bit odd to do that is the main School summer holidays .No characters walking about the park as we have seen over our previous visits .Large queues for characters for autographs and often getting to front to be told they had finished .Surely to save disappointment a staff member should stand at the cut off point to say this is last person to see character so don't queue .Not nice to see a 3 and 7 year up set and disappointed .Long waits for rides and little chance of fast passes. No grass area to sit for picnics ( as we are aware food is not of brilliant standard) A good side plenty water fountains to fill our water bottles so saved   sss.The fireworks and light show was brilliant at the end of the night and our two Grandchildren had a brilliant time but not much fun for Grandma and Grandpa but as long as the Granddaughters had a fantastic time that's the main pointI personally expected disneyland would be a lot nicer, since i didn't find any game that was worth the money you paid for, and if you did there will be huge lines waiting, so if you were able to find an interesting ride or two, you'll spend the whole day waiting for these two rides. PS:This is a theme park not an amusment park, so there is a big difference. I've been to Disneyland Paris 3 times before and both California and Florida. Unfortunately Paris is now a very poor relation to the American Parks. The parks claim to be non smoking but people smoke everywhere and the staff just ignore them. We had to move twice while waiting for the parade because people started smoking next to our children. The customer service is mediocre at best. As an example of this my daughter had a birthday badge at California last year and all the staff said happy birthday and the entertainers sang to her (magical). This year we only got 2 happy birthdays all day and very few of the staff break into a smile for anything. There is a severe lack of characters. When I first went about 10 years ago there were Disney characters everywhere including the restaurants. I counted 3 in the whole of Hollywood studios, which doesn't even have a parade any more and the Frozen parade in the main park consisted of a single horse and carriage. The shows are nowhere near as good as the American counterparts. While the kids enjoyed the Frozen sing along the production values are basic (bring back Tarzan) and nothing like Aladdin (California) or Lion King or Belle (Florida). In short if you want a great Disney experience save the extra money and go to the USA. I can't say the kids didn't have fun it's just that it could be so much better with a little effort and the odd smile. We already visited Disneyland Park in June, but it took me a while to calm down enough to write an objective review...I wanted to visit Disneyland since they first opened, but despite several trips to Paris I never made it. So this year my husband arranged a surprise trip to Paris that included a visit to both Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios Park, and I was really excited. The disappointment couldn't have been bigger!The rides are boring and outdated, I think every little county fair nowadays has more exciting attractions. Also you have to stand in line for ages to get on a ride   if they're working at all, because several of them were closed for renovation. But don't think that they informed visitors ahead, you had to walk to the attraction in question to find out about that. I've been to a lot of amusement parks, but never to one that would close some of its main attractions for renovation during the main season. In the light of Eurodisney's financial troubles you don't have to be an economist to know where some of their problems are coming from...While the attractions are lacking in numbers and quality, there is definitley no lack of souvenir shops in this park. In fact my husband and I had the terrible feeling we paid admission to walk through one big  Disney cash machine . If you bring your kids you either need to have steady nerves or access to an unlimited credit card.They also offer fastpasses for some of the rides, but when we got one for  Big Thunder Mountain  it told us to return in 6 hours...We also found most the descriptions and plans of the park rather poor, we were standing in front of some of the attractions and couldn't find out what exactly to expect. The food was poor and overpriced, but then that was no surprise.To top it all we spent a whole day there without seeing one Mickey Mouse!!! I wanted to have a picture taken with one of the mascots, but we only saw one measly Winny Pooh during our whole visit, and when we approached him to have a picture taken he turned around and walked away. In order to see a Mickey Mouse they made you stand in line again and wait for ages. Why not just have them walking around in the park?All things considered I honestly don't know whom I should recommend a visit to Eurodisney. It's unattractive and boring compared to some other European parks (e.g. Europapark Rust!), and totally overpriced.I would be very wary of visiting this place again ever. You had long queues everywhere, and at least 3 breakdowns due to technical problems after waiting for an hour in queue each time....no options given...just asked to leave. Including one attraction which was closed due to problems at 1030am, there were at least 4 attractions which had technical problems....a bit too high. The only train service connecting the different disneylands, would not allow you to board if you are the 51st person in the queue....the justification offered was that more people have to board at the next station....not taking into account the fact that there might be people getting down there. Overall...seemed like a place set up to frustrate you and to prevent you from doing more than few rides   events a day. Very badly managed overall and the people manning the attractions werent friendly to say the least.There is no doubt that any parent would feel that the money is worth it when they see the sparkle in their daughters as they see Disney princesses. However, overall we were disappointed with Disney Land Park. Having recently been to Universal Studios in Singapore, we'd had high expectations. Unfortunately the age of Disney Paris is showing and the lack of modern technology in the rides is evident. You could overlook the dated nature of the place, as they clearly can't be updating it all the time. But what we could not overlook is an overt attempt to gouge every last cent out of you. When it came to lunch time, there were no simple stalls to be seen where you could get a hot dog or a sandwich (we eventually saw one at 5pm). You are effectively forced to eat in one of their over priced restaurants. We settled for their  fine American all you can eat buffet.  For EUR30 per adult and EUR17 for a child above 3 years of age you got to eat very average food   oh and ONE glass of soft drink! For those of you with young children you will probably share the pain of even getting your children to eat (and don't think of your kids simply eating what you bring with you if you want to go in   they charge you at the door as you walk in!). This was after a poor experience on the ticketing. We booked the Mini Ticket which allows access to both Parks in Low season for a day. Unfortunately we had to postpone our trip due to an emergency and had to move it to high season. Their website tells you that you can top up if you want to use the ticket in high season. What they don't tell you is that you don't top up to the two park high season price   you have to pay much more. So be it, but it would be better if the website is a little more transparent on what it means to top up. I only found out after a few calls to their call centre in Paris   it's not shown on the site. All in all, the kids will always remember that they've been to Disneyland, but it would be good if the experience was improved as time goes on so that parents feel it is worth the price. After my last visit 13 years a go, nothing really new coming from this theme park. The only good thing is just because it is near to Paris, thus it has a good public transport access. Nothing more than that, really.It is not enough to visit this theme park in a day but it is more because you waste your time in its inefficient queuing system and too many walking around attractions because of its inefficient internal transportation. You can find other more modern theme parks, with much better and more attractions, more efficient inner transportation, faster queues..and half the price !We tacked on 2 nights 3 days at DLP at the end of our holiday........there should be a sign at the entrance saying 'Welcome Suckers!' The reasons: the queues, the technical breakdowns, the poor signage in the park, the French interpretation of customer service(!)   they could learn a lot from the London Olympics Gamesmakers   the incredibly long distances you have to walk (always past merchandising outlets of course), the cost of food and drink   of which we were aware and therefore ate before and after going in, taking just water   9 euros for popcorn?! (no we didn't buy it), the number of closed attractions, the technical breakdowns (repeating this as we experienced 3, the last one (Ratatouille) for which we queued for 1.5hrs outside then inside the attraction only to finally be told they couldn't fix it), the queues (again)   plus it's grubby, whole place needs a deep clean. Our 11 year old daughter commented  this is like a shopping mall with a few attractions  and a Dutch family we'd met during the main holiday spent 442 Euros for the day and only managed 3 rides in total (due to distances, queues, technical problems...). So, lacking in sparkle, DLP is ticked off the list and no one in our family is keen to return. Good Luck Suckers!Gosh, where to start? Positives first then I will have to bullet point the negatives. The attractions are nice and look good. Space mountain mission 2 is better than Orlando. Crush's coaster is awesome and deserves a fastpass option. Ratatouille is quite good. It is really nice being able to walk between the parks and the village, making back and forth a possibility rather than losing an hr or usually more getting a bus, monorail, boat, or driving between parks in Orlando. Hands down, the evening spectacular is faaaar better than Orlando; really, Orlando, update the night show! We have been to disney world 4 times in the past three years and countless times I went as a youngster. I feel very comfortable at Disney and have a good idea about the expectations of ALL their cast members (staff). We have been to disney Paris twice. Of the four most recent times to Orlando, I can't recall one altercation with the staff, but let's just say there were a couple staff members that weren't completely perky or talkative. Now, let's bullet point DLP: 1) two years ago, we tried to buy a child's meal and they were out....out! No kids meal in the place created for children! Ok, give them a pass, it's one time, right?2) this time, we are out of chicken...no way, out of some food, again.3) we are out of ice cream...you are kidding me, right? You did look at the weather forecast of 90 degrees F and all sunshine for the week and consider that would be a popular item surely, so what happened there?4) forget about locating cold cokes. Near impossible and you must visit a few vendors or go directly to a restaurant. 5) crush's coaster was broke three times that we were aware of over four days, big thunder at least once, buzz stopped FIVE times during one ride, backlot tour down at least once, the fairy story train was broke at least once, and no water was in the pool space around dumbo nor teacups. I know things breakdown, but this felt excessive and while I was in customer services, another man was complaining to them about the broken rides and said it seemed half the park was down. 6) on the note of customer service, I had to visit them twice to lodge full complaints, like fill out a form complaints...have never once filled out a form in Orlando. Let's bullet the complaints... 1) we had read online that fantasyland closes early for the firework show. 9 pm. Ok. Got it. 8:50, marionette restaurant is out of chicken. Fine, over to cookout restaurant in another section. 9:35, we go in the doors and man has it roped off inside. Why? We are closed. But the doors are not locked. What time do you close? 10 pm. But it's only 9:35. But you won't get to the register by 10 because the line is 5 8 deep at two registers. No way! Where can we go? Only Main Street. When speaking to an English woman on the train to paris, she said she had the same issue and didn't know they closed early in other sections. Same here! Seems they could avoid a lot of these problems by posting the times of each restaurant on the map...you know, the place we all refer to when questioning things about the parks. Then be willing to serve those that enter the restaurant until it closes, and not 25 before.  2) enter backlot tour and cast member directs us down a lane. I get to the end with my 4 yr old son and there is a chain across the bars where you turn to follow rest of line. I look around confused with hands out but no member acknowledges the chain. I figure a child has done it, so I take it down and join the line and another group follows. About a minute later a cast member is next to us asking the man behind me,  did you take that chain down?  The guy looks at him all confused while cast member glares at him. I inform him it was me.  Why would you do that? Obviously we closed it!  I explain the first cast member directed us down this lane so I figured a kid had played with it. No, no way, it was done on purpose and why would I touch it! Back and forth until I finally have to say,  ok, what do you want me to do now? Stay here or go back to the chain?  So back we go with the people behind us following for redirect. Cast member follows us and actually says,  it's just logical that you shouldn't pass the chain  as he points to the chain across the path. I just glare. Then he says something again, and again! Finally I tell him by name to  just stop . Nope, he's not able. He continues and four more times I tell him to stop talking, so many times we overheard the lady behind us tell her man how unbelievable this guy is being. I inform him his behavior is not that of disney standards and he tells me again how illogical I am...I eventually call him a d*% head under my breathe to my husband. Member hears and continues! Ugh. Just let me on the tram!!! You know, all he had to do from the start was just walk over and politely state,  ma'am, can you please come this way so I can redirect the line?  Simple, right? Nope, prefer to argue with me, the customer that has spent well over 4k euros and basically call me stupid.7) back to the first complaint filed: after telling girl in customer service I wanted to file a complaint, then told her why when she asked, she actually stated,  well, that was two yrs ago  (about running out of kids meals). Yes, but she totally missed the point that that was two yrs ago and am now two yrs later complaining about another food running out and a restaurant closing before closing time. She eventually calls the restaurant and informs me that, no, they close at 10 so it's not possible that they closed at 9:35. Well, I stood there and I should know so, yes, it is possible they were closed...I couldn't get any food.  It's not possible.  She must have said this 5 times. Eventually I tell her I just want to file a complaint but now I want a manager. No, she reused to get one! What!?! I asked another staffer standing there to get a manager and her reply was,  I don't know the situation.  OMG! I insist again from the first girl, and then again as she tells me no. I inform her I won't leave until one comes out. She has me wait in a room. When she returned, she said,  ok, I spoke to a manager and they say it could be possible the restaurant was closed early for technical reasons.  Good, glad you finally admit it's possible, now I still want to see the manager. Again, this could have all been avoided if she had just given me the form to fill out my complaint about running out of food and not listing restaurant hours on the map. I did speak with a manager.8) toilets, not very clean, although better than what you find in the city of Paris which is really bad.9) the frozen welcome is an actual parade of several floats in Orlando. This one is just a carriage with the two sisters. That's it. No more to it. Do not waste your time trying to get a spot for it. 10) be at any parade or the fireworks show pretty early if you want any space. People start sitting in the road, walkways and even on the fenced off grass about 2 hrs before the fireworks and 45 minutes before the parade. 11) the big wheel boat, it stops by 6 pm. Also information that's not on the map...12) the big giant balloon at the Disney village lake, it is supposed to be open all day to 11 pm. Nope. Closed twice when we went. Had a sign in the window that said it was closed due to the weather....you mean the clear blue sky with minimal wind and no rain in the forecast for three days? Yes, it must be that rain in a few days because surely that effects the way this balloon moves today. We supposed it is because there wasn't a line so they closed due to lack of interest. In that case, maybe the website should say to call to verify if opened instead of hours it's (but really isn't) open.13) we ate at two           restaurants, and both had the same initial problem, no wait staff for at least 10 minutes. At least bring us some chips or bread and water! But the food was delicious at both.So, I'm exhausted from all this. There is probably more but I am now tired and irritated from rehashing the issues. I'll leave you with this, I haven't been contacted by any Disney staff since the first complaint filed. Either they are inundated with complaints or they don't care much about their customers...from what I've written, seems it's both.Having visited Disneyland in Orlando many times this was a disappointment. We were there with our family in May, weather was not great unlike Orlando, so prepare for  British  weather, yes rain, cold and generally unpleasant. However this is only part of the problem! Staff arrive by train from Paris, if there is a delay with their transport then attractions will not open on time. Those of you who stay in Disney accommodation who have early entry to the theme park could be disappointed as the staff are still en route to the park, not great! Go to Orando, it's wonderful, oh yes.I've been to a few of Disney parks in US and Hong Kong, and this is not like them, there are almost no characters in the park, in the princess pavilion (which in other country's have multiple characters) you stand for an hour to take picture with only one princess, which was very disappoining for my 6 years old. Every toilet we went into was dirty, and the queues were very long, even if there weren't a lot of people, the staff are more busy talking to each other than making sure the queue is progressing and that was on both the rides and restaurants . I know that always some of the rides are closed, but there were quite a lot of rides closed. As appose to other Disney parks, which I will be glad to go again, I will not come back to this park.Had a 5 day holiday here and personally I would have given it 1 star but rest of family said two. Stayed in a Disney hotel which was clean and basically a place to sleep. The park itself had quite a few rides not on from space mountain, nautilas, merry go round, flying carpets, etc. However this alone was not the only problem. The queuing system at this park is atrocious. All systems which involve queuing will have issues but the method at this park is very bad. Some rides have fast pass but a lot of the time you couldn't get them because the machines were off. And of those rides that didn't have fast pass people still managed to queue jump as they used what is meant to be a disabled facility to do so. Disney has also issued passes to  cast  which was a big gripe, from the guy and his daughter riding autoptia 4 times alone while we were in the queue, to the 2 women who thought that because they had such a pass to queue jump at the ice cream counter where not only had everyone queued for over half an hour but that they found it acceptable to do so to a child of about 7 in front of us with no feeling of embarrassment. I first became aware of these cards when a family of 4 jumped the queue at the best hot dog place if you know how long you have to wait there to get to the front to be usurped by someone saying they have a disabled card when its a cast card and that they are as healthy as anything it's frustrating to say the least, I don't disagree with the disabled part of it,because I think that's great that they accommodate this,it's the misuse of this system which is extremely prevelant at this park that I object to because this causes the queuing of everyone else to be longer than necessary, and having to view it so blatantly is what upsets the paying customer. Furthermore we didn't use it but feel for those wishing to visit princess pavilion as you have to queue for reservations to see them, as hotel guests we were in the park early but if you are visiting for the day the chances of getting one are unlikely as by 11 there always seemed to be none left. There were other things that let this park down but the queuing was the main problem. The parade and fireworks display were about the best thing and most staff were pleasantpleasant, however when they speak not only in French but in other languages many seem to think that they have to do it in as little time as possible that you have no idea what they have said. All in all family agreed that they wouldn't go backVisited here 4 years ago and other than food enjoyed it very much. This time brought our own food as its a rip off in the park. Paid full price for 2 adults even though travelling with my 16 year old daughter. Visited for the roller coasters but upon entering discovered Space Mountain 2 was closed as were other rides in Frontier land. Really only 2 rides to go on, Thunder Mountain and Indiana Jones. Enjoyed these but queued for over 1 hour for Indiana Ride. Great for younger kids but charging full price when all rides not available is a joke. Will not go to euro disney again.Hi  Unfortunalty long waiting hours and unfriendly workers made pur stay just ok  In disney hotel we told a servor that u r the only one smiling and she said everybody tells this to me  Which shows how unfriendly they areWe've been before so know what to expect, however nothing prepared us for the queues at the Ratotouille and Nemo rides, almost an hour queue each for a 2 minute ride. Done our time at Disney land Paris, won't be back   it feels tired and not worth the moneyWe've been to Disneyland in California and Walt Disneyworld in Florida a number of times. Disneyland Paris just doesn't measure up. It is smaller, less up to date and generally lamer. Also, lots of little things   it is more run down, less clean and staff is not as good. Kind of feels like it was done on the cheap. First hint was the cashier taking food orders was simultaneously taking orders and scrolling through Facebook on her phone. One parade a day   and a lame one at that   things in disrepair, dirty bathrooms, etc. etc. Definitely not up to Disney standards. Shame on Euro Disney management. As there is no limit to number of daily visitors the place is overcrowded all the time....Ques are no less then 30minutes , usually around 60minutes or more... Fastpass is harfdly effective... Food is overpriced, slow and low quality....Shopping is everywhere and very expensive...The innocent Mickey seems to have a devil inside to abuse the kids and families with smiles and cheers... Disney Park is old and obselete, Studios is OK....Some rides are ''under refurbishment for your future enjoyment'' as Disney mgmt announces.... OK but we pay today not in the future...Many technical problems causing temporary closure of sone rides....(ratatouille, indiana jones were closed for almost a day during out visit)Closing event (lights n fireworks) is great only if you can view it due to the crowd...After all a must do for once only and a must not for the 2nd time...We came to Disneyland Paris at 27.6.15 and were completely overwhelmed by the crowd and long lines to almost every attraction. In most of the cases, lines to most of the rides were between 30 and 60 minutes of wait, which, considering hot weather and lack of shadow in some of the most popular rides lines, was unacceptable. I tried the fast pass option, but waiting time for the fast pass was around 6 7 hours   for example, trying to get tickets for the Piter Pen's flight at 11 AM resulted in tickets to 17:55PM. At this rate, there is absolutely no way that visitor can use the 2 Parks hopper ticket, you spend most of the time in lines and when you're finished   it is 11 PM and you have no time left to visit the second park.  So my advice is to order your tickets for one park only   you'll save some money and won't be that disappointed.  Food is overpriced and small frozen Micky Pizza costs 12 Euro, which is almost the price of really great freshly made pizza elsewhere. Same goes for the drinks, ice cream and snacks. Even at seemingly high class restaurants the food is average at best and overpriced to the level of Michelin star restaurants.  Frozen  special appearance by Anna and Elza is no more than carriage ride with actors opening their mouth to the theme song of the movie. I was utterly disappointed and even my daughter said that Elza was  strange, made funny faces and her mimics was unnatural . Afternoon Disney Parade was actually quite nice, but once again, huge crowds prevented all but tallest people or kids on parents shoulders to get a clear view of the characters.  Light show on the castle was actually impressive, but it starts too late and some children just don't make it to that hour (11pm).Long story short   come before or after summer and maybe you'll have your chance to enjoy that place. Otherwise   management should consider restricting access to the park during high season in order to improve the experience for all visitors.  Bought tickets to visit both parks on one day . First disappointment was that several rides were closed, inclusive of the major attraction Space Mountain 2. Why they leave maintenance for the busiest time of the year in June is an open question. Second disappointment was that all rides commentary and introductions were done in French despite probably over 50% from other parts of the world. If your from a non French speaking country, don't bother going, because you won't understand various experiences such as the ghost house and Armaggedon. The Disney Studio Park was a huge disappointment with the exception of the stunt show. I've been to Disney Studios 10 years ago and nothing has changed in 10 years despite various new Disney movie releases. Even my teenage kids said afterwards  this was really boring . Waist of time and moneyOh my, 1 3 of the rides were closed, no water or drinks to purchase without standing in 30 minute lines, water drinking fountains outside of bathrooms flowed like water was a rare resource. Half of the restaurants were closed and this was during summer when park was packed full. Rides lost their color and looked worn. Walt Disney would not approve. No advance warning so many rides and eateries would not be available. Don't go. Does not compare to Disney California  love Paris, not Disneyland Paris.What did we do at Disney. Spent a lot of time walking around and queuing. A LOT of time, in the baking heat. The kids enjoyed the attractions we got to experience, and the closing time show was stupendous. But the management seems lacking. Quite a few of the rides were closed. Others had technical faults. The food outlets (all of which are overpriced, and based on our experiences are not good) are open at random times, particularly in the morning. And where is the commercial and customer satisfaction logic in having the drinks and ice cream facilities closed in the really hot weather of the last few days? It seems Disney haven't realised yet that the weather is different in France to California or Florida, and that if you're expecting people to queue for 45 minutes (which has been the standard queue length this last three days) then leaving them exposed to hot sun or heavy rain or frost and snow without some form of cover might not be attractive.Ok, so maybe i was naive... I never went to disney world as a child, but i had these visions implanted from movies of Walt Disney personally greeting visitors, Mickey Mouse surrounded by kids and a beautiful Cinderella leaning over and patting the heads of little princess wannabies... And fair enough... A Saturday in June is not the best time to go, and i guess 70 minute queues to most attractions and multiple attractions closed is what i should have been expecting and been mentally prepared for... But Donald cordoned off? Mickey not publicly available... Seriously, with the prices that are being charged, could this place not afford to have 20 people in Mickey Mouse suits canvassing the area so that all kids get to shake hands with the worlds most famous mouse? why do you queue for 40 minutes at a fast food bar that serves 3 set menus when there are no more than 5 people ahead of you? Don't get me wrong, the few rides we managed to do, the kids really enjoyed, but how do you respond to a 3 year old who asks you: mummy, you said this was Mickeys house, so where is he ?Despite everything, the kids liked it. I Only wish that there had been just a pinch of pixie dust... That magic of the disney films i hold so fondly as a childhood memory.We have just returned from 4 nights at Euro Disney, we took our children out of school hoping it would be quiet, be warned the Spanish school summer holidays started a week ago and it was absolutely packed to capacity, you could barely walk and the queues were ridiculously long, over an hour for most of the big rides. The fast pass was useless unless you managed to get one first thing in the morning, by lunch time the fast passes had either run out or the next available slot was after 6pm. When you have managed to get a fast pass you cannot get another one until you have used your first one so if your fast pass ticket is for later in the day you cannot get any others. At one point the queue to get a fast pass was over 20 minutes long!!Another disappointing thing was how miserable the staff are, this is Disneyland and they could barely break into a smile. So many rides  areas were closed, I have never seen to many green boarded up areas before.It's a small world ride was absolutely stinking dirty the floor under the water outside was green with fungus and during the ride we saw empty crisp packets and drink bottles floating around.Crowd wise I don't know how this park functions during it's peak times when it was at bursting point in June with just the Spanish school children on holiday. If you are yet to book I would highly recommend you check the European school holidays as it seems with even just the one country on holiday it makes a huge difference. On a positive note, the firework show in the night (11pm!) was fantastic, Crush's Coaster ride was fantastic but the waiting times were awful. Our two daughters loved it but unfortunately couldn't get on too many rides due to the queues. Buggy hire is 15 Euros a day, if you want to keep the buggy overnight you need to pay a refundable deposit of 70 Euros. Ice cream lollys were around 3.50 Euros.Its was sooooo over croweded and lines were too big ...twice after standing for almost 45mins rides got cancelled due to technical problems...many rides were under renovation....hong kong disneyland is sooooo much better n managed....can be goven miss easilyStayed at the Davey Crockett Ranch 21 june 2015 for 2 nights. First of all we had no problem with the Davey Crockett Ranch, yes there was building work and lots of it but the cabin was lovely, spotlessly clean and the closure of the pool and farm was reflected in the price. The problem was the parks, starting with the vast car park, travelators not working. It took 30 mins from entering the car park to reaching the entrance. We took advantage of the Magic hours on second day and got straight into the car park and managed to park in the A zone Hooray..only to find that the Studios was closed and the queue for the main park with only 1 gate open was at least 200 people long. 40 mins later we were inside, headed straight to Adventure land.. Closed After searching we found 2 rides open Peter pan and Buzz Laser, the only 2 so needless to say the queues were massive!! By the third day we had learned that if a queue was 20 mins or less it was only worth doing if you need to get out of the rain or rest your feet.Just to remind you this was a mon and tues in school time!! Ratatouille was by far the best ride we managed to get on but that broke twice in the 3 days we were there.Don't rely on the wait time add at least 10 to 15 mins. As for the food in the park, don't even go there.From the lady at the ticket counter to the ride operators, and everyone in between, no one was welcoming or friendly. It was so disappointing not to have that magical Disney experience. The staff was rude, the lines were way too long, the bathrooms were filthy, and the number of stores outnumbered the rides 10 to 1. I felt the park was one giant store just trying to get your money rather than a theme park for kids. Waiting in line for a  reservation  to meet a princess was like competing in the Hunger Games. I hardly saw any characters outside of the parade. The Walt Disney Studio was a complete waste of time. It is so small with hardly any rides and the rides they do have were an hour wait. I had two incidents at the park and when I complained to guest services they didn't bat an eye. Sad, sad, sad, that Disney cares so little for its customers. With so many wonderful theme parks in Europe, I say skip Disney and go somewhere else.Being a Disney fan, having visited Walt Disney World, Florida, over 27 times, Disneyland Park in Paris was an extreme disappointment for the entire family and the entire Disney brand. The experience started off poorly as our attempt to obtain park tickets and information on their telephone system left us frustrated and annoyed. The recorded message was entirely in french and the voice recorded message informed us that the call would cost .15 euros minute. Failing to obtain park information, we headed directly to the park. Upon entering, our first disappointment was with the ticket agent selling the admission tickets. This individual did not have the  Disney  enthusisam and showed attitude to our general questions. No welcome to Disneyland, lackluster personality and showed zero interest of being there. Moving on into the park, we noticed a general lack of overall upkeep of the park. Litter was visible throughout the park, peeling paint on the attraction buildings, garbage cans hygienically filthy, visible litter, smelly washrooms and general lacking of overall care of the park. Employees of WDW take pride in the employment and maintaining of the Disney brand. An obvious disconnect at Disneyland Paris. Arriving mid morning, we headed to the most popular attractions. 4 out of 5 rides were mechanically not operable, employees had no idea as to how long the rides would be shut down, nor did it appear that they cared. We did manage to participate in a few rides, but certainly not worth the time and the eruros spent to enter the park. Food was below par, and consequently many individuals were eating their own lunches. If one never has the chance to visit Walt Disney World in Florida, Disneyland Paris is better than nothing, especially if you know no better. However, if you are expecting the park to operate as WDW, you will be sadly disappointed. Overall, a major disapointment and would never recommend it to the North American tourist.We went to Disney with our daughter and grand daughter and was so disappointed. Over 30 percent of the rides and attractions were closed for major renovations but we were not for warned or given any discount for all the missing attractions. We felt as though we had been ripped off by Disney. As if ripping the public off with the cost of the tickets isn't enough, they then charge you 4 times the cost for everything from ice cream , drinks, food and toys. A big thing worth mentioning to Disney, is why don't you move on the lucky lucky guys outside? They are an absolute nightmare and shouldn't be allowed to hassle the visitors. Saying they are outside the gate and not your problem does not cut it.. PS, Disney don't give me a standard drivel reply because you won't see me or my family again unless you refund the 30 percent entrance fee you should be doing!I'm 16, I went with my mam and sister (a 4 year old). When we arrived we seen that it was extremely over populated. We bought a 4day ticket, every time we went there was massive queues for the small amount of rides it has. We bought fastpass tickets only to be told that you have to book a fastpass ticket and that all the fastpass tickets were booked for all rides on all 4 days. The shops are over priced    69.99 for Elsa dress. Barely any good rides, would recommend going to another park with better rides and it would probably have less wait time.OK, so I am a fan of rollercoasters and theme park and I have travelled to the US to visit some of the theme parks in Orlando as well as visiting some theme parks in Europe (Phantasialand, Asterix, Niglooland... to name a few recent ones). I have been able to put off a visit to the Disney franchise but since we now have young kids, I was no longer able to put it off. We had to go to Disney. Here I am, in my ignorance, thinking that Disney is like McDonalds: wherever you go it looks and tastes the same. Mistake  1: the attractions are *NOT* US size and thrill factor (Tower Of Terror is my main reference here) What you get in Paris is travelling fairground factor. What I expected was what I saw in Orlando (in what was called Universal's Islands of Adventure back than). I also excepted things to be spic and span; Disney is reputed for having the neatest parc in the world. Or so I've always been told. Now the parc is clean, the grass, trees, and all greenery is immaculate. Except for this: every single ride we went on had something faulty or out of order ond it (belts that don't work, carts that are taped off,... etc) Our friends even lined up for about 30 minutes to go on a simple ride, only to be sent away because it broke down... (they did fix it later in the day). One of the main roller coasters was closed off entirely for an hour or so in the afternoon!! Imagine how I felt.And here is what killed me: the lines stretched to sometimes over 2 hours, it was an extended holliday weekend in May. Fine. So they have a FastPass system in place (you take you ticket to a automatic machine, scan it and get a skip the line queue: max waiting time 20 mins guaranteed). Cool! But when 4 out of 5 of the fastpass ticket machines are not working, and there is a queue of 30 40 minutes to get a ticket that allows you to stand in queue for 20 mins, that's where I draw the line! This is the thing that really did it. So here is my advice: go there in winter, when there's no queues. Check the website to see which attractions are under construction maintenance (Space Mountain was announced under maintance   no discounts no refunds) and book well in advance to not pay full price (difference between 3 4 months up front and 4 weeks upfront can be 100%!) Or better: to enjoy your value for money go to any of these parks: Asterix   Phantasialand   Niglooland (best value money)   Efteling. I feel ripped off and dirty, I think I need a shower!Well where do I start? What a terrible place this is! Like hell on earth. I wouldn't go back here if you paid me. Queue, queue. Queue. Took us absolutely ages to get into the park and once we were in it was a nightmare! 90 minutes queue to see princesses, 2 hours for the teacup ride, all the cafes and restaurants here just sell burgers and pizza at absolutely ridiculous prices. Example we found McDonald's on the night we arrived, we started queuing at 7.30 pm we finally got served and started eating at 10.30pm!!!!!! 3 hours queue in a McDonald's if it wasn't for the fact I needed to feed my children I would have walked out much earlier. I bought 4 quarter pounder meals as this was pretty much all they did and a happy meal for my 2 year old and it came to   46!!!! I felt this place was awful we couldn't wait to get out of here! We visited in the February half term for 3 days, God knows how much worse it got in summer. Only good thing about it was the parades they were very pretty. If anyone's going I would suggest they go prepared with snacks etc as this place is a nightmare you should expect to queue for an hour for a drink! If you want a nice day out this is a good choice but do NOT expect a magical Disney experience in Paris. The staff are incredibly unfriendly   I did not meet a single friendly member of staff in the parks. The food is expensive and sub standard. Some of the rides are old and irrelevant, the characters do not circulate the parks and on the rare occasions you spot them they do not stop. I think the main difference between the real Disney (Florida) and this embarrassing excuse of an European version is the awful staff.We visited Disneyland Paris over the Easter so fully expected it to be busy. We arrived early as advised to find thousands already queuing. We soldiered on. We had been advised to buy the two park ticket as both could easily be done in a day. That advice was rubbish. We queued for over an hour for the first ride and over 90 minutes frontage second. We then watched a Disney parade which was actually very good and brought a smile to this haggard face. Having had enough of queuing we then decided to go to the studio park. This is a much better park but closes at 5 in April so we only had 2 hours there. A wasted ticket for sure. I have been to Disney world in Florida which did not really impress me either but the Paris park is just shambolic. I am sure it is great if you have small children and a large wallet but for adult couples...avoid it! I love Disneyland and was so eager to go there. It was just my husband and I so this is coming from a point of view of going with no children. I hate being negative but I was very disappointed. I was prepared for the fact that it was smaller than California and Florida and didn't have very high expectations after talking to a few people that had been there but I still wanted to go to say that I had been there. In hindsight, I wish we hadn't spent the money or took the time to go. I will try to be as positive as possible.I liked the fact that it was easy to get there from our hotel. Train system is so efficient and found it very easy to go. Entering was very easy and didn't have a massive line up. We bought the hopper pass so that we could go to both parks but didn't go on one ride in Walt Disney Studios. The only ride that was of interest was the Tower of Terror and the fast pass wasn't working and at that point we were so disillusioned that we didn't want to stay in line for one hour. There were definitely more rides for very young children so it might be appealing to families with younger children (5 8) but the ride issue was only a small portion of what was disappointing.I was use to the Disneyland that is clean, friendly, smoke free and has a positive atmosphere, regardless of long line ups. There are areas for people to smoke but that rule was not enforced or followed. People were actually smoking in line ups to rides and pretty much all over the park in all areas.In California and Florida, I always enjoyed the friendly staff all over the park, whether they were characters or guiding the long line  ups. Not so here. We only went on a couple rides and the staff were not dressed up nor were they friendly. (Except for the characters that were posing for pictures with the children) There were no birthday or special occasion buttons that I always thought was a great touch. Maybe an off day... hopefully. The people in the stores seemed more friendly and we did enjoy looking through the shops.It just didn't seem to have that magical atmosphere that I have felt the numerous times I have been to the other parks. If you have never been to California or Florida parks, then you might not be disappointed but if you have, you will definitely notice the difference. If you've never been to Florida you may still enjoy this but it just doesn't compare. Even the staff aren't the usual friendly Disney staff. My niece had an accident which meant I had to take off her wet clothes, I asked a shop assistant for a carrier bag to put them in to be told no as it was against policy. That act alone knocked off a star for me. I had a poor 4 year old crying and they couldn't even give me a carrier bag for some dirty clothes. What's wrong with you!On the plus side the evening laser show was good although they closed the park really early to set up for it. I don't know I'd this is a regular thing or not. Also parking was a rip off given how much we'd already paid for tickets. Also too much queuing to check bags. There wasn't a line for people without bags.Being that I am an Annual Passholder and live in Florida my review may be a bit biased and harsh. Disneyland Paris was what I was most looking forward to for my European vacation and boy was I let down.First of all, the  Disney Standard  is not evident at this park. There is garbage, they are understaffed, the staff is not up to Orlando Cast Member standards, the rides are old, and the over all park is in need of a major facelift.I was so disappointed in the overall energy and atmosphere of this park. The Disney magic is not here. I am glad that I went and I was able to cross this off my bucket list, but I can honestly say that I probably will not attend Disneyland Paris again.The food selection was also a let down. We went to Casey's Corner which was a catastrophe. It was dirty, the cast members were slow and talking and in no rush to get people their food in a timely manner.The Downtown Disney section of Disneyland Paris was hardly a downtown Disney area. I will say that there are some special rides that Disneyland Paris. The Crush roller coaster was amazing and the few rides were very cool. They also don't have Photopass photographers which was odd to me.Overall I was so disappointed. I was hoping my boyfriend was going to propose while we were there but I was actually relieved when he didn't. It was not the romantic Disney magic I was hoping for.So this has probbably been my 10th time at this Park. This time I Visited with my mother ar I graduated University :)Anyway... In the beginning we went to the disney Hotel to buy tickets for 3 days. Well the man did not understand this but we thought he did. So what happened was that we thought our tickets were valid for 3 days. No. So we ended up spending a lot of money when we realized we had to pay seperstely for all the 3 days... Some of the rides are completely the same as in 1992 which would be ok expect that for example one could at least dust the dolls at its a small world. But this aside, it would be nice to have some new attractions. The parade And night show were the same as two years ago... Two years ago I got half way to que for Big thunder mountain but then it broke. This time, just before we could have gone on the ride, same thing. Today we were waiting to go on the little train in Fanfantasyland. Gues what happened... So we didnt get to go on it. Also if you want to see princesses, good luck. You have to be at the reservation place exactly when it opens (a meet And greet) and also as usual waiting times can be rediculous.So....By this time I was quite fed upp... So we went to customer servicess And they have us immidiate acces tickets to two rides excluding the Crush Coaster and Ratatuille at Disney studios And a free gift. So we were a little happier.Also it was a rainy day so the waiting was not as much as usual. So We had a nice time, but for the money it could have been much better, I think.Having been to Disneyland in Florida it was no doubt this park was built at half the size and half the thrill.  Good for young kids but as a true fan of Disney was left waiting for what I knew should be happening.I have been to Disneyland Paris quite a few times. The first time was in 1992 when it first opened.Back in '92 It was expensive but well organised and the staff in general were polite and helpful. They had a happy and friendly disposition which you would expect from a theme park.I am sad to say that the original park has deteriorated and in need of a make over. The restaurants and rides are generally unresourced which makes the whole experience painful.You would for example not expect there to be long queues just to get into a restaurant. We pre booked all of our restaurants but still had to queue to get in. A 1:00 pm reservation turned out to be an actual 1:35 get into the restaurant followed by slow service. This was more a staffing issue (presumably to save money)I was also disappointed by the number of rides being refurbished. When you pay   50 00 to get in to a park, you expect to see all of it, not 85%. but at least they are refurbishing the place as it does look tired. Closed rides included space mountain, the Jules Vernes experience, etc. Some rides were closed due to technical reasons including the Aerosmith ride and thunder mountain. (I thnk some serious maintenance is required)So what else can be done to improve the experience?Add a few benches for people to sit on. There are very few places to sit, especially if you are wobbly on your legs.Fit better signage. You can spend quite a while finding things. A few extra well placed signs would go a long way.(signs in English, German, Italian, Spanish etc would not go amiss)Transport.Getting from the 'charles de gaulle' airport was a nightmare. The airport is very large and poorly signed. We laned at terminal 2 and had a train journey from the terminal to our baggage carousel. A journey of 20 30 mins. None of this was explained and we found the staff ignorant and rude.The actual bus transfer from the airport to the resort was also an experience. The driver spoke no english despte the fact that all passengers were from england. I can spek some French so I could understand the instructions (to an extent). The bus assistnat made NO ATTEMPT to help passengers with there luggage. He merely watched passengers of all ages putting there own luggage on the bus. (lazy and rude)The driver yelled 'Quelle Hotel' which i could understand but many travellers could not understand his ruse questioning.The hotel staff at the Sequoia were excellent. Friendly, well spoken and very helpful.The hotel was clean and quiet.You could walk from the hotel into Disneyland (10 15 mins) or catch a shuttle bus. Again no explanation by the driver that you needed to get off at the train station and walk 500 metres into the park.FoodAs was previously, the cost of food in the park is very expensive. I would recommend buying the food vouchers before you go, but dont buy a full board option, opt for the half board. You will get too tied down watching the clock for your next meal time.A half board option lets you choose a lunch time treat (tere are lots of places to get sandwiches, burgers etc...i.e. Earl of Sandwich, McDonalds etc)The meal vouchers are poorly explained but please note that you should book your restaurants early as the restaurants get full and you may not be able to get in. Also, some restaurants are only open lunch time ot tea time (some both)Beer is not always available...we found beer available at tea time but not lunchtime in some restaurants.Restaurants were understaffed and the service slow. The odd restaurants were however excellent i.e. Walts restaurant on Main street.We booked our restaurants on the first day (of a 5 day holiday) and the best time we could get into Cafe Disney (for a character dinner) was at 10:00pm. Not good enough when you have a 1 year old and a 5 year old.Menus also need a clarification which states which level of meal voucher you are using. We had a 'plus' meal voucher which allows you to use a certain number of selected restaurants and a particular set of meals.... this is unclear and it is easy to order food that is not on your meal plan.Snack Vouchersyou also get a set of snack vouchers which we found wee useless. You can only redeem these at certain times in certain venues. WE ended up throwing ours away. They need to be available for use all day and in all venues to be of any use.SmokingSmoking is allowed in the park...Entry TimeIf you visit by car and for the day, you will only be able to get in after 10:00am. Be prepared to queue for 30mins or more to get in.For people stopping in the complex, i.e. any hotel or the camp davey crocket, then you can get in at 8:00 but note that not all rides are open at 8:00 so it is a little bit misleading.Also, you need to access the park by the right hand queue (poorly signed) and show your disney hotel pass ID card. This gets you past the longer queues (day tripper queues)Ride Waiting TimesTimes displayed on the waiting time boards ere not particularly accurate. 10 mins could mean 20mins etc.Overall scoreI will go to Florida next time as the french resort is dated and in much need of a make over. The site is understaffed and the staff morale is generaly low. (not enough smiley faces)5 10We visited Disneyland Paris in mid July and were surprised at how quiet the park was. Having visited here many years ago and having loved it I was a little apprehensive considering recent press and reviews stating that the park is in need of refurbishment. That is indeed the case as the park is looking a bit tired and throughout the day multiple rides broke down. We were lucky that we managed to get on the majority of the rides we had planned on and they are still loads of fun. Space Mountain especially is fantastic. The food is very much overpriced and the magic of Orlando is indeed missing here but all things aside we had an enjoyable day and were able to see the funny side of the parks shortcomings. I would hesitate recommending a visit until the park is updated. Being in my 30s and going with a friend we could manage our expectations and make the most of it but I can't help but feel sorry for families having to spend a fortune to bring their kids here and being short changed due to poor maintenance, worse food, demoralised and uncaring staff and rude patrons. Poor show, Disney. Take some of the ridiculous amount of revenue generated by Frozen and spend it on giving this park a lick of paint.We went as a family of 3 with one 11 year old in the May bank holiday 2015 for 5 nights. We stayed at the Cheyenne on a half board plus basis.It felt like a cross between Butlins and Alton Towers, and I am afraid it wasn't the 'Disney Magic' at all.The journey, by air, from the UK was over 8 hours from home to CDG airport. Once there, signage to Disney was not obvious and this took some time to work out how to get to Disney. We took the TGV train   great took 9 minutes   normal train is about 50mins.On arrival at Disney there is no welcome, in fact over the 5 days most staff were unfriendly. At the hotel, no welcome. The rooms are basic   the key card for the door was intermittent, the safe didn't work and needed a new battery, the TV remote needed a new battery, the towels were tiny.Breakfast   this is a cattle market. Queue to get in. Food available   croissants, bread to toast, rolls, tinned fruit cocktail, cheese cubes, ham nutella.Hotel users can get into the park 2 hours early eg 8am   this is not strictly true   during our visit   between 8am and 10am   only Disney park NOT studios is open and only discovery land and fantasy land (for the younger ones). Everything opens to everyone from 10am.Fast pass   hotel users get a fastpass   this is a great idea   however it is very limited. you can only use one fastpass at a time   so if you arrive at say 10am, and the first ride you fast pass is for a time of 13.10 you can not fast pass any other ride until about 1300!. NOT all rides have fastpass. However, when you use it, it does save time.Most rides, whilst we were there were at least a 60 minute wait and some more. Ratatuie and crushs coaster were huge queuesThe whole park was very very full and it was dodge the visitor.Food   the queues for food were very long and very slow.There doesn't seem to be Disney staff around other than in the shops, at the rides etc.Would I go again   no. Would I recommend this   no, it wasn't magical, it certainly wasn't relaxingTo begin with   my son has aspergers and we were able to get a priority pass for us all which was an absolute plus. To get a priority card you need to produce a letter from a doctor explaining what their issues are. We were able to go to the exit of the ride and on producing our card we would usually be ushered on within minutes. The usual wait times varied from 45 mins upwards   not something my son would have coped with. The staff treated us v well, polite and friendly. Within 2 days we were able to go on everything my son wanted with time to spare. In all we did about 26 rides shows. Ratatouille ride is fantastic at Disney Studios   did it twice and being in the front of the car for kids is really magical   so real. Food and shops very over priced and same stuff everywhere. Can recommend the pizza resturant in Adventure land,    38 for 2 adults and 1 child. We pre   booked a character breakfast at Mickeys Cafe at Disney Village which was fantastic otherwise we wouldn't have met any of the characters   this made the trip for my son and I totally recommend doing this. Also, when we got to the cafe on time there was a huge queue and I could see some people clutching their pre   booked vouchers. I simple went up to the front and held my voucher up at the glass door and they let us in straight away! We stayed at the Davey Crochett Ranch which was only 10 mins away by car. So glad we did this as it is a relief to get away from Disney and have some p&q. The cabin was immaculate and very tastfully decorated. The site is clean and peaceful. There is a shop, resturant, bar, play area and of course the pool, which was great. Plenty of floats and water wings for young kids. A slide and lazy river plus 3 Jacuzzis which young children were allowed in (unlike uk). All in all we had a great trip, spent a lot of money (you can't help it!) but would have hated it with our priority card. Just back from a 5 day 4 night stay at Hotel Cheyenne Disneyland Paris with my daughter and granddaughter (age4).where do I start? on arrival 'what time would you like breakfast' after a very long journey not the first thought on arrival.. Take cases to the room allocated. No Lifts so drag them up the stairs... Room although I realise it was a cheaper option we chose.. Basic it was.. Half board we went for and hotel buffet was not the best.. In fact cold and that was first evening.. Breakfast..Un organised.. No milk for child's cereals, fruit juice for children run out.. It was like going back to school dinners. Says pony rides for children, that was ponies going round a small circle at the rear of building.. Got a better ride at donkeys on local beach in England.. Pleased I didn't have large family as cost of a round of drinks is extortionate...Onto the park... If you want a shopping trip it's great... Never seen so many same old shops in one place.. Over priced... The worst bit.. All the young children dressed up as princesses and no princesses in sight.. Queue for an hour or more to have picture taken with princess, that's if they not on a break or come to the end of picture time before reaching the front.. Queue for a visit to the princess palace on the day for over an hour, get a ticket and get a time to return later that same day (if lucky) return at late afternoon to queue yet again.. And then... Wait for it... Two princesses on show ( not told which ones) and pot luck on which you get... What a let down... Hours in queue for a single princess..... Nothing for Frozen fans and bearing in mind most of the younger children were dressed as one or other.... SHAME ON THE PARK! No characters walking round just Queues Queues Queues... Understand queuing at all attractions elsewhere but these are children wanting to see princesses. you can see that the owners do not want you to sit and enjoy the sites, just want your money... If you want any tips these are mine.Walk to the park it's easier to get in. No QueueingSensible footwear is a MUST whatever it looks likeFill water bottles up from hotel EU water and take concentrated juice to add flavourTake children's snacks from home (so much cheaper)If you book for afternoon snack only expect a drink, do nut or a lolly (only four choices of lollies)Book you meals a day in advancePark is quieter in the evening and make the most of the two hours you get as hotel guest from 8am   10amIf you want a meal with princesses you need to book online two months prior to start date or you have no chance. Not sure if you can do that with breakfast with Micky but worth checking.TAKE PLENTY OF EURO'S ( you will need it)If you return to the hotel we stayed at early there are no play parks to keep your children occupied.Can play at the rear of pub but it is hard ground and a young lad fell and had to have a medic called for. Youths play football in the walkways outside of rooms so ask for a rear room especially if you have younger children who go to bed early.Fireworks so late for a four year old we never got to see them.On a plus granddaughter enjoyed it... But then she is only four...Would I go again? NOAlthough park is lovely and clean, except for some of the toilets... It's not about the children meeting their princesses or favourite Disney characters it's apart the park MAKING MORE MONEY rather than giving the children a experience they would never forget....Visited the Disneyland resort over the May half term school holidays, five days and four nights. And overall, what a let down. The biggest issue is that there just isn't much to do. I know that's hard to believe for somewhere like Disneyland, but it's true. For the main Disneyland Park their map lists 43 attractions. Of those, three were given as 'planned closures'   Space Mountain, Le Mysteres du Nautilus and Carrousel de Lancelot. Of course Space Mountain is one of the big attractions too. But then on top of that large swathes of the park are fenced off being 'renovated for your future enjoyment'. This includes Pirates Beach, Le Passage Enchante de Aladdin, Rustler Roundup Shooting Gallery and Videopolis, all closed off. Throw in the Chaparrel Theatre, which is unused and the Discoveryland Theatre which is just a dumping ground for a pile of arcade machines and that 43 attractions is suddenly down to 34. And of those four are stations on the same railroad and one is a barbers shop   so really there's about 30 things to do. On top of that the Big Thunder Mountain ride was broken down on the two occasions we tried to ride it, and we never saw any of the horse drawn streetcars. There are a couple of shows in the park plus the daily parade and the end of day Disney Dreams show. Although the parade and dreams shows are fairly good, the other shows are nothing much. A couple of characters riding around, that's pretty much it. As for meeting characters, you can pretty much forget it. There was a meet Mickey Mouse in what presumably used to be a theatre   where the whole area people could have sat in is used for the queue. Expect an hour or more to wait for this one. A Disney princess (just the one, clearly the budget doesn't stretch to more than one) where you can queue up for the privilege of getting a time to come back later and queue again. Then a couple of others dotted round the park for at most a few hours a day (you can spend much longer queuing up to meet Rapunzel than the 30 minutes she's out a day). Simply put, there's just not enough for the number of people in the park. As a result the one thing you can do lots of is queuing. A good hour or more per ride, even on some of the small children's carousels. Yes, there is a FastPass for some rides   four that were planned to be open, though one was then broken. So overall an expensive holiday and a major let down.We recently stopped here on our return from a skiing trip and apart from breaking up the journey I can find only one more positive to say, which was how fabulous the staff were in the Starbucks opposite the lego shop. We visited 10 years ago and it was great. Now it is awful. If you want to go to Chav City then this is the place for you. Everything is overpriced   if it were of good quality then it would be worth paying a premium. Planet Hollywood was truly terrible. Didn't see one Disney Princess in the whole time we were there and hardly any other characters. We stayed in Hotel Cheyenne for two nights and have reviewed this separately.Myself and my wife visited Euro Disney for her belated 50th Birthday celebrations. We stayed at the off site Magic Circus hotel from 23 5 to 26 5. We had a 2 day pass for the Parks for 24 5 and 25 5.Saturday 24 5 turned into probably the worst day of our lives.We got to the park at 10:45 and were greeted to a 15 minute, 1000 person long melee to get past security into the site. Once we had achieved this we got our tickets. As I had the foresight to pre book this we managed this bit quite speedily and hassle free. Once in the park we headed to the back as this was the quietest area. After a 15 minute queue to get on the    small world    ride we then managed to get onto    Casey Junior    and a boat fairy tale trip. It was now midday and the park was heaving with people. We decided to go on the    railroad    that circled the park. After a 40 minute wait we managed to get on the ride which lasted about 20 minutes. We started to queue for lunch at about 1:15 and after 20 25 minutes at what was the slowest    fast food    queue I had ever seen we managed to eat. It was now nearly 2pm so we made our way to    Phantom Manor   . Following a 45 minute queue we got inside the main door. After a 15 minute wait we were then told it had broken down and were ushered out an exit door, so a whole hour wasted. We plodded to    Big Thunder Mountain   , wait 100 minutes for a 90 second ride and the fast path not working, we decided against this so over to    Pirates of the Caribbean    and another hour wait. It was now about 4pm so we decided to get an ice cream and wait for the parade. After another 20 minute queue for ice cream we tried to get a spot for the parade. What a joke, people standing 5 deep with children on their shoulders so we could see sod all. In desperation at even getting on another ride we went back to the    Pirates of the Caribbean   . We queued for an hour and got on the ride, halfway through this came to a grinding halt. After sitting in the boat for 15 minutes staff in waders appeared to pull us to the side and we clambered out an emergency exit. To be fair they gave us a priority ticket to another ride as compensation but we had to stand in another queue for 15 minutes with people pushing and queue jumping to get the tickets! It was now 6:45 and exhausted we went back to the hotel to freshen up in order to come back for dinner and to see the fireworks at 11pm. We got back to the park at 8:45. Thinking we could get something decent to eat we made our way to the    Blue Lagoon    restaurant but were told as we hadn   t booked they can   t get us in. We went back to a burger restaurant, it closed 5 minutes earlier as had the pizza restaurant. So dinner was a croque monsieur at main street, there was no way we could get a table to sit at so we had to eat this sitting on the kerb dodging trampling feet! Now to the fireworks (literally). Stood on the pavement for an hour trying to stay in the spot where we could see. Barged aside by people with no thought for anyone but themselves and battered by pushchairs. 5 minutes before it was due to start some idiot stands right in front of us and puts his child on his shoulders so neither we nor the people behind us could see a thing. Before I could say anything the Brit behind me grabs the bloke and screams    cheers mate we   ve stood here for an hour and now none of us can see you selfish *!!*    people then started shoving and jostling before he finally moved. We watched the fireworks and made our way back to the bus queue to try and get the shuttle bus back to the hotel at 11:30. There were 2 buses for about 500 people. Everytime one came in a crush to try and get on the bus ensued, grown adults behaving like animals pushing and shoving little kids out the way to get on the bus, it was disgusting. One guy even physically threw another man off the bus into the waiting crowd as the driver couldn   t shut the door and he wouldn   t get off. After another 40 minute wait we finally got back to the hotel at 00:45 and fell in bed and the nightmare ended.   100 and 14 hours later we had got on 6 rides, 2 of which broke down, to stand in queues for hours and be shoved, jostled and treated like animals. This whole day has certainly changed my view on human behaviour some of which hardly separates humsans from apes. Monday in the    studio    was better but there was still a 2 hour (no I   m not kidding) wait for    Ratatouille    and 40 to 50 minutes for most other rides. The food queues were smaller but the place was still heaving. On the upside we bypassed the hour long queue for    Big Thunder Mountain    and walked straight on thanks to our compensation ticket from the previous day. If you wish to subject your children to this I feel you should think again.The only one positive thing   availability of the attractions for small kids (younger 3 years). The rest is a big  commercial  queue   in restaurant, attractions, etc. Even the idea of easy pass, intended for the earlier access of Disney's Hotel guests to the park, is turned upside down   the several parts of park and most of attractions are open not from 8 a.m (as declared), but as of park normal opening hours   10 a.m. Needless to say, that to make waiting time more attractive the big screens with attraction related cartoons and short films could be installed. Also the famous French bureaucracy for the EH&S doesn't speed up the queue...   in general a lot of areas of improvement in order to make customers happyWe had a good time as we were with young grandchildren who had nothing to compare the experience with and whose faces light up with bright, moving colours. We did not expect it to be up to the US standard but were particularly disappointed that it had no real    Disney    feel, there was a lack of Characters and many rides were closed. Sadly you cannot escape the vast number of people smoking even in Fantasyland. When I looked after the baby, while the other members of the family went on a rides, there was a continuous stream of smokers intermingling with the pushchairs.They do not enforce the smoking areas and children are constantly subjected to tobacco smoke and cigarette butts. This is unacceptable.We were a family including small children and stayed at the nearby Relais. Their free on demand shuttle was fantastic (they provide child seats and load pushchairs etc in the back) we went backwards and forwards several times a day. It also gave us sensibly priced food options: numerous family friendly restaurants 3 mins walk and a covered shopping mall only 4 mins walk with a hypermarket if you want to stock up to use the small kitchen in your hotel room.My wife and I visited Disneyland Paris   and we were really disappointed. When it came time for dinner, we found that many restaurants had closed or were closing. The one that was open featured underdone chicken fingers and stale fries   and all of the tables were cluttered with left over food and trays   that were never cleared during our meal. Lines for most rides were short   except for the Railroad. We waited in line for nearly an hour   they simply weren't running enough trains. Occasionally we found staff to be short and rude. There didn't seem to be any managers available or supervising operations. I would not attend again in the future. Save your money and enjoy Paris!Stayed for the 2nd time at a Disney hotel for a night, which supposedly was earning me 2 more hours of  magic  on the second day. Huge disappointment! Only the park and not the Studios part was open, and even in the park only 7 rides...out of 46 were available, all practically in the  princess fairy tales   side, what do do with kids more than 8? Also during our whole stay some popular rides were completely closed like space mountain or Aladdin and yet there was no discount on the prices! At autopia , one lane was locked after 5 pm making the wait more than an hour long!!! Fortunately our kids were happy and enjoyed themselves making it worthwhile!We came to Disney Land with high hopes and excitement after been to the one in Japan 4 months ago. However from the minute we first entered the gates we were already let down by the attention of detail compared to Japan! However we continued on with a open mind. A positive were the lines were definitely shorter than Japans as there is alot less people visiting the park. Once we had been on a couple of rides we noticed a huge difference between the parks! its actually disappointing to see that there is a massive difference, wether this is due to the park being older im assuming. The Park is well over due for a major refurb. The food definitely needs attention to as there is limited food options that are at the reasonable price. 60 euros for a steak is beyond a joke! This park is missing the Disney feel we got from Japans park. I think management needs to go check out the difference of quality between these two as we were not the only ones to say this. Two other couples we spoke to said the same thing but with Florida and California being better. Ino people made read this and think this is harsh however its reality. If this is your first disney experience you can only go upwards from here.Likes:All roller coaster ridesoption of two parkschuros stand at the entrance before entering the parkDislikes:Smoking throughout the park especially in lines, when there is dedicated smoking areas. (know one polices this!)Poor food! (Steer clear of there hot dogs) if you want a decent meal you will pay 60 euros for a steak!Fast pass booths close early.Park opening at 10am for people who are not staying in the resort. While resort guests were able to enter at 8:30am! Male staff entering female toilets to clean while females are present making them feel very un easy! More then one lady complained out loud about this! This would have to be the biggest concern we seen! If you have small children who never been to theme park and you accidentally found 500 EUR and you want to spent it in old fashioned park, then enjoy! Otherwise go to any water park or theme park close to your house, buy a few Mickey and Elsa clothes from ebay and you will have better experience.Most of the attractions were built 15 years ago and nothing changed since. One third of attractions was out of order because of wind, rain or just broken. For other smaller attractions (such simple carousel or car driving range) you will wait  just  20 minutes. For the bigger ones you have to wait 60 80 minutes in a queue. That is terrible and even waiting 20 minutes with 3 years kid for 1 minute ride ... not worth the 200 EUR entrance fee for the family.It was a huge disappointment for us. Even the simple fun like Disney characters in costumes which you would expect to be on every corner are rare to meet. They appear few times a day and there is another 30 minutes queue to get a hug from Mickey! How expensive could be to buy ten costumes of Mickey and hire ten people to walk among visitors?The prices of Disney merchandising and refreshments are enormous. Make yourself a baguette with ham and you will safe tens of euro.We went last week with our four year old daughter, who had bought a personalised autograph book to get all the princesses autographs. Throughout the entire day (9:30 18:00) we did not see one single princess. The closest we got was Alice who had a group of unruly children around her. Our daughter has been brought up to queue and wait her turn. She was stood directly in front of Alice for 20 minutes whilst she systematically worked around the children from one side to the other, purposely missing our daughter every time. We waited and waited, then eventually someone came to tell her to leave so they decided a rushed group photo would have to do, then left. Thanks Alice for that lasting childhood memory for our daughter. My advice for anyone else going is just shove your kid to the front and don't give a damn about any other kids, as this seems to be the disney way.Thunder mountain broke whilst we were in the queue, so did the Peter Pan ride, so we couldn't go on these. Space mountain was closed for the entire day and she was too small for the Indiana Jones ride. The shops were well stocked and the best person of the day was the lady making the glass figures who let us buy her first ever small Minnie Mouse that she was working on. Such a pleasant and friendly lady.The rest of the day was mediocre at best and as previously mentioned lacked the magical princesses that our daughter had been dreaming about meeting for months. Save your money and hire a party impersonator instead.This is the last place to waste your hard earned money on. Euro disney seems quiet dull, tired and uneventful....Visited the disneyland park...The rides are average and the characters are so few and far between ...and those too the dates ones like mickey and donald....The restaurants are many but only few were open and hence there was practically very little choice...The staff seemed tired and did not engage in entertainment and banter...they were just there to manage the crowds.....Have visited Universal studios singapore and it was far more entertaining, exciting and fit for the times....for a disney I atleast expected Alice, rabbit and Jack sparrow to come out for a picture with us....Have heard the same kind of reviews about the disney studios too...Its better to go to hong kong if you must ...atleast its cheaper...for the price we paid for this day,,,it was a huge disappointment....not to forget the toilets were dirty like hell...What a business idea! Let People pay hundreds of Euros to stand in line... even if you spend a whole day in the park you wont be able to go on all the rides, because of the ridiculusly long lines! ...and the rides aren't that many! Man attractions were closed due to maintenance.. Therese were long lines to all the food stands tio, because they didn't have enough personell. Everything lacked efficiency... The 2 stars are for the totally amazing laser show at the end of the evening (although this was marred by people pushing and standing in front (adults!) of a little girl, and we weren't even in a particularly good spot!?!?!). As for the rest... I was disappointed.. and my 4 year old granddaughter kept asking when were we going to Disney... Will not be going again..Extremely disappointed that Disney did not think it necessary to lower the ticket prices when the majority of the rides were closed for repairs.The word around the park when we were there for School break was  I need my Disney Fix . Well a person who has been to Disney (in Flordia) numerous times, this is not the location to go if you are on the European side of the water. The feel, look, operation and name a few things were not even close. Moreso, when you buy premium tickets to use the  Fast Pass  and the ride does not use them or you are given an excuse that they only use fast pass on the weekends make no sense. The only solution is that Disney either fix the park or remove the name. I can honestly say the Family was let down and it was a  Bust  or better yet a waste of time.Wife and I have been to Disney world in Orlando and even to Disneyland many times. However, we were totally disappointed with the number of closed attractions and general poor maintenance issues we observed everywhere. Disney folks were unhelpful.(or nonexistent). We attended the Wild West in the evening. A great show (at an extra cost). This show helped to salvage our day. All in all, if you have been to Disneyworld or Disneyland you will find this an expensive disappointment. Save you money and spend more time in Paris!Our family has been to Disneyland California many times and Disney World once... There is no comparison with Disneyland Paris though. Here the cast members are nearly impossible to find and almost always unhelpful. Smokers are everywhere and are a disgusting distraction. And lastly, the attractions were constantly not working. At some times it was a challenge to find a ride that was actually running. Our children enjoyed most of the rides but even they said they would not want to return.Visited Easter 2015, 7 rides were closed, Technical issues was the saying of the holiday.  If you eat at the Blue Lagoon make sure they cook your Chicken properly.Probably spoilt by having visited Disney Orlando a few times, Euro Disney was a major disappointment. Rides not as good, not as tidy, staff rude by comparison and the toilets are such a disgrace. Why are the toilets not maintained by staff, we found them appalling, one was even flooded.First and last time at Euro Disney.I when here just after the easter weekend with my wife and two children (5 and 3 year old girl) along with my wife sister and her partner along with their children of the same age (but boys). Expectations were high to be fair, you hear so much about Disneyland that you expect the best and of course pay a premium for such however, the trip itself didn't meet my personal high expectations and I'm not sure if thats just me being fussy or maybe just unlucky?We booked into Newport Bay hotel, which is on site and allows earlier access to the park, two hour before the general public. This hotel itself is being renovated, when we booked we were told 'minor renovations' were being undertaken but came to find the hotel covered in scaffolding and majority of the ground floor lounge etc closed. The first impressions weren't improved upon when our party got stuck in a lift for 20 minutes when trying to make our way to the rooms (which were provided ahead of check in time to be fair).The rooms itself was very standard, views were none existent due to scaffolding and builders working outside the window. The decor looked very dated and I assume is part of whats promoted the renovations (be them classed as minor or major!).The park itself   of course the kids got delirious with excitement when they saw the entrance and given their age, were happy with all the attractions and shows we took them to however, we did find a large proportion of rides close due to faults (thunder mountain, tea cups, big pirate ship, slinky dog, dumbo ..... amongst others).Cost of food in the parks themselves was extortionate and very poor quality. The waiting time for said food was terrible, we went half board and as part of the deal got a 'tea time treat'..... these were used once on all the days there as we found only a few selected places took the vouchers and those that did had waits longer than major rides!!Staff working were generally very good, cheery and happy to help except when on one ride I felt the sharp edge of a young french ladies tongue for returning a hat that had been left on the tom sawyer ride..... I was hoping to catch her name at the end of the ride but she strangely seemed to have disappeared!Character photo opportunities are plenty on the park, albeit with a sizeable queue event before the park opens to the general public. Highlight of the trip for me was the fireworks and light show at the park closing time   that was staggering and breath taking and everyone I spoke to enjoyed it whatever their age.In summary, it was mission accomplished in terms of the kids enjoying themselves however, the trip certainly didn't live up to expectation in terms of quality and value for money.Just back. An HOUR AND A HALF queue just to get in the Park. Queues to rides ranged between two hours and at least 45 minutes. We queued for 45 minutes to hire a stroller. We walked for ages to get to the ice cream parlour and it was SHUT. We went to another ice cream kiosk and queued for an hour to get an ice cream   only to be told that the flavours we wanted were sold out. Four major rides NOT working. Apart from parades, hardly any characters just walking around the Park. Prices exorbitant. . It cost 74 euro,   57 to get in the Park and because of all the queuing we only ended up with SIX rides all day   this works out at nearly   10 per ride. No Fast Passes were working. Disneyland was obviously built to accommodate only half of the visitors that were there. We were told by our shuttle driver,  You should see it in the summer, just awful   so overcrowded ! Not the happy, carefree place shown in the adverts. Very disappointed. Looks like Disneyland will be a victim of its own success. We have been to Florida Disneyland twice and this was our third visit to Disneyland Paris. Possibly our last (?!)We were visiting Paris over Easter and decided to take our 7 3 4 year old to Disney.We got 1D 1P mini tickets from FNAC. and printed our e tickets. By mistake we printed out only two tickets but had electronic copies of all three tickets. We took the RER from Paris. On arrival we noticed our mistake but could not find what to do. Couldn't find any Staff and asked at the 'Travel Agent' desk. We were told to go to the 'Visitor's Relations'. We joined the slow moving queue and eventual got to the desk. There seem to a lot of others who thought you could use an e ticket on a smartphone or tablet. But no  only paper versions could be scanned. To do this impossible mission  it must be emailed to dlp.print@disney.com. The Next problem was to get a WiFi signal. Eventually we emailed the ticket and the superviser got the printout to us   almost two hour just to get in.We didn't know that the FastTrack system was only open for a very short period   the Disney site doesn't tell you this, just that can have one FastTrack ticket at a time. For my daughter one of the best thing was when the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' ride broke down. We got a ticket to return later. Although it was a short queue   20 Minutes   the queue passed through it own wonderland! When we went back, through the exit, we got the first row. And yes   I did get wet.We were big fans of Disney Parks. We visited Disney World in Florida a number of times and had a very positive experience, despite very large crowds, because crowds were well managed. But this past trip was not very kid friendly. Disney Park in Paris is not good for small kids (ours 7 and 4), or anyone else who does not want to stand in endless lines. When we were there in the middle of a cold and rainy week in April, there were lines with 60 minutes wait almost for every ride in both parks and no fast passes were offered. Fast pass machines were available only in the morning and then were quickly shut off. The park was full of people until the very closing time, so do not think you can wait it out and get on a ride when others leave for home, it never happened to us. We tried to get to see a show at Animagic because the line was smaller; we waited 30 minutes and then we were let in to the theater but then show did not start until 15 minutes later so my son who is four years could not wait for the bathroom. I asked if there was any bathroom in the building   it would be pity to miss a show after waiting 45 minutes   but the answer was no so we had to run to the bathroom outside. When we came back and tried to get back in again a man whose name was Lytisse said we could not get back in because the show already started. In fact, the show did not start for another 5 minutes, and my husband was saving our seats, but we were not allowed to get to them. We paid more than 500 Euros for two days for a family of four for this. It was an expensive and very frustrating trip. Not worth it, and not worthy of the Disney name.Visited here today. perfect weather, should have been magical. The only magical part was the parade, and one or two of the rides. 4 of the more adventurous ride were either broken down or being renovated, 2 of the smaller children rides were also not working. Just a suggestion why not renovate in say November, January or February NOT Easter break weeks. NO mention of any refunds of ticket prices, for the disappointment of these rides not being availableThere is no notice that the Princess Pavilion has to be booked in advance, would be a good idea to say so on web site. It seems lots of events are aimed at people who stay on the park with comments from members of the cast  its full today come back tomorrow  not at those prices. In fact we will never go again, the food was appalling ,overpriced, and the service was very slow. There were very few characters walking around the the site only saw one the whole day.The only thing well run was the parade. Carry on in this vein Disney and the site will soon close. WHAT A SHAME!!This was our third visit to Disneyland Paris and we were extremely disappointed. There was a lack of characters around the park and were only a few meet and greets which resulted in long queues. Waited 2.5 hours to see a princess. There were also a lot of attractions that were closed and ones that were open were breaking down regularly for example crushers coaster. Due to this, all the other attractions had much longer waiting queues. There was also no parade at Universal Studios and only meet and greets were Mickey and buzz which I thought was extremely poor! Also Discoveryland was extremely poor due to the closures! We also went for breakfast in plaza gardens and there was no cutlery, cups or plates available to have our breakfast!! We wont be going back here!!Just vistited Disneyland Paris this Easter weekend with our 2 children aged 2 (just) and 9. All in all it was an OK experience but we (the children mainly) were extremely disappointed at the absence of the characters. We were there for a total of 11 hours and saw Mickey, Minnie, Donald & Daisy on a parade float once! Even at that we were kept about 5 metres away from them. When we booked the trip and told the children they were really excited, mainly to be  meeting  the stars of Disney. There were NONE around the park! No hand shaking, photos etc as you are led to believe from their literature before your visit. Above all we had told the children that they would see them and they were looking forward to this so much. Our 2 year old kept smiling and pointing at photos of Mickey & Minnie with such excitement and were really let down not to have had this precious, promised meeting which in turn made us out to have filled them with false promises. We expected several characters in each zone to enhance the Disney experience and overall this was a total let down. We feel that Disneyland didn't fulfil their promises that they advertised. Our children saw more of Mickey on the Metro ads and around the city than they did in the park.Ok, lets start off by saying the kids(7 and 4) loved it. Thats the end of the good news. The park itself seen thru an adults eyes is a sorry looking affair. The price of everything which is well documented on here is extortionate and is only half the story. To eat you may need to go to a loan company first but then you are lucky to then EVEN get to eat. The restaurants are few and can't handle even a half full park. The first day after traipsing round with the kids and looking forward to somewhere to eat and sit down was an eye opener as you can't get a table unless you reserved it in advance which is ludicrous.When we visited over Easter, Space Mountain was closed, so was the Haunted Mansion, the Runaway Mine train had a fault(which was fixed by lunchtime(which is just to give you a timeline as we never actually got to eat)) and the Buzz Lightyear ride broke down as we were halfway round... I like the French but they revert to type on the ride changeovers. They are so slow at getting people off an attraction and new people on that it adds an eon to the queue time. Some of the rides are no better than local fairground rides..(step forward Snow White and Pinnochio)The shows are OK but are so dangerous as you get herded into these waiting areas before the doors are opened and people are jostling for the front that myself and my wife were keeping a firm grip on our girlsYou know that it is going to be a stamina slog with all the walking but you don't expect a law of the jungle attitude as people push, pull and are rude..Overall, it will be our one and only visit and if you are thinking of going, stick with Thorpe Park, Alton Towers, Blackpool Pleasure beach or one of the other theme parks. If you definitely want Disney, save up and do Florida.. Disneyland Paris just wants me to get the rat poison out for Mickey...Two of us went to the Paris disneyland park over the Easter weekend and had a really disappointing time. Despite focussing on getting on as many rides as possible (we even ate lunch in a queue) we only managed four rides in a full day (three if you don't count the haunted house)! We queued for an hour for Indiana Jones before being kicked off because the ride had broken down, Space Mountain was closed, and we were turned away from Pirates and Thunder Mountain (the first time we tried) because they had temporarily broken down as well!Although the parades were kind of fun, there were no characters walking around, the rides weren't particularly well themed (e.g. the thunder mountain and the haunted house didn't even have disney themes), and so I don't see what Disneyland has over parks that actually have good rides.We visited 31 03 to 4 04 with a 3 and 4 year old. We booked the trip over a year ago and were really excited about experiencing the Disney    magic   . However, the reality fell far short for reasons that could have been avoided.On our first day, a cast member shouted so rudely and aggressively at us for several minutes (as we   d walked the wrong way due to poor signage) that our 4 year old was reduced to tears. How any adult would behave in that manner around children is beyond me. The fact it happened at Disney a supposedly child friendly resort was astounding. When I tried to calmly explain our mistake and asked where to go he continued to verbally abuse us until another cast member came, spoke to him sharply in French, and helped us. Even after our return our daughter talks about the    nasty man on the train   , so shame on you Florian, you don   t deserve to work near children.The rides we went on were good, there were queues but that is to be expected. I did notice some of the larger rides were closed which would have been disappointing if our children had been older. Other guests we spoke to who had been before also said they were surprised by the amount of closures on the park.Whilst on the subject of queues, we queued to see Rapunzel. This took nearly 3 hours which is ridiculous and to me typified all that is wrong with DLP. We had two character dining experiences which couldn   t have been more different. Caf   Mickey, very basic food and poor service. It took nearly 2 hours to get a burger, when we complained we were told that the kitchen had messed up. I am glad that we did this though as otherwise we would only have seen the characters on parade and not met them. I was expecting to see them walking around the park but that didn   t happen. They spent time to get photos autographs at each table and given the queues to do this on the Park, it makes it worthwhile. So, I would recommend it but be prepared for a long wait. We went to the Auberge de Cendrillon for our daughter   s birthday and this meal was what made our stay. The staff, notably Salve our waiter, were brilliant. They were happy, conversational, helpful and professional just what you would expect from Disney but until then we hadn   t seen. Similarly, the princesses were great, Belle made our daughter   s day by singing happy birthday, even though she leaving to get ready for the parade. Snow White   s Prince Charming was also especially good with our young girls. Expensive but well worth it, given that we   d tried and failed twice to book at the Princess Pavillion.The evening parade was really good and had the Disney    feel    and it was only place where Frozen was represented. We were really disappointed by this, given the fact that most little girls adore Anna and Elsa. DLP must be the only place in the world where there is no Frozen frenzy! With a few tweaks, out of date attractions like Alice in Wonderland could be changed to represent the interests of this generation.So, overall the test of any theme park is would you return? In honesty, I   m not sure we will.somewhat tiresome  place, not really worth the buck. living on what has been not really living up to what is. but works for small kids still stuck in disney conceptI've been to DLP back in 2002, and last week it was my 2nd visit. Everything has changed. Toilets are dirty, many rides were closed and the queue to rides were quite long... we're only have limited options for rides. And some of the theme park's staff were not that friendly.Sadly a lot of the rides were closed for renovation and for the thrill seekers this is disappointing, personally I  do not big rides so tend to opt for the shows which I could not find any.The magic of Disney is not there  staff don't know what is happening and are not friendly. Children are pushed out of the way and the characters don't walk round anymore but stand somewhere and the queues are awful for young children to see the characters. We took our Grandchildren for a surprise treat and no one made them feel special as you would expect from this resort. When you book a holiday to Disneyland it is unreasonable to expect all attractions to be operating however to find several key attractions closed during a main holiday is disappointing. On one day in the middle of our stay I counted 9 attractions between the 2 parks closed for maintainable or broken down. Rock and Roller coaster even broke with us on it! Key attractions such as Space Mountain, Phantom Manor, Dumbo, TOT and Rock and Roller coaster all broken or closed for maintenance during our stay, large sections of the park covered in plastic sheeting or shut off. 2 large restaurants in the park (Walts and Hyperion cafe) closed for the duration of our visit. The walkway between our Hotel (Santa Fe) and the Disney village was being dug up. Generally the park felt run down, unloved and the staff are just so rude. If you have the funds go to Florida   the extra travel time is wellWorth it. Disneyland Paris is simply a Blot to the Disney name. Just returned from a family trip, not impressed, been going to dlrp for 12 years, even had honeymoon there but i wont be going back. Took my daughter,partner and grandson, me and daughter been before and rest had not. So upsetting, rides closed, hardly any characters n parades...once upon a disney you couldnt breathe without characters at your feet n parades every hour ish...no more! It really disappointed me after so many years and much money spent that the magic has left the once magical place.We went on a weekend in march and reach early at 09:00am but there was a huge queue. When the attraction opened we quickly run to big thunder mountain. After that there were queues everywhere and we barely managed to get into 3 more attractions after waiting five hours. We tried to get a fastpass for buzz , but we got 8 PM!!!!!!! (we tried it around 12:00pm). The queue to get food was 40 minutes long. At the end , we got tired of waiting of queues. Also last time we went there mickey, this time they only had pluto for taking photos.A good management can make more money and provide better facilities. They should visit LEGOLAND in Windsor to get a lesson.Disappointed with NO characters walking around.  WE CAME 2 years ago and bumped into loads of characters who we could say hello to and get autographs from, but this time we did not see any.  3 days 6 autographs very disappointedWhere to start! Arrived in Eurodisney on the Friday afternoon for my granddaughters 3rd birthday, 5 of us. Stayed 2 nights in Hotel New York. We had booked 2 rooms both with 2 double beds but they gave us rooms with just 1 bed in each so that was the 1st problem. They did change them with no bother but it all took time. Once we had dumped our bags we headed straight out to the Disney studios as its smaller so we thought save the main park for the full day on Saturday. Totally unimpressed. Absolute chaos and so disorganised. My daughter & granddaughter queued up 4 an hour just to have a photo taken with Mickey Mouse, which is fine but not when you have older adults pushing in front to get their photo taken with him and the staff not saying anything to them! We were a bit peckish after this so went to one of the (not very) fast food places for a snack. What a mistake. Yet another queue because they 'forgot' our order. They were extremely slow serving everyone and it didn't look very hygienic, or safe, cleaning down the work tops with a mini pressure washer. The tea was like dishwater and they used hot milk in it! In fact every cup of tea I had was made with hot milk! Awful. Anyway we only went on 2 rides because of the disorganised queues. We had booked Cafe Mickey for the 1st night and that was brilliant purely for the fact that the characters walk round and let you take photos with your child, my granddaughter loved it especially Tigger and Goofy. They made her giggle uncontrollably by tickling her under her chin and making a fuss of her and not just the once either. The food wasn't at all bad, didn't feel rushed and the waiter was lovely. The next day (Saturday) we set out for the main park. My god, I've never seen so many people pushing and shoving to get through the entrance barriers! Some nationalities don't understand the concept of queueing. Atrocious behaviour from grown adults who couldn't give a fig about pushing toddlers and young children out of the way and the dismal land staff didn't help at all. The park was so busy we only went on a couple of rides and then we had to queue for ages. Some queues were advertising a 2 hour wait for rides and even queuing for a fast pass was up to an hour long! Went to Annette's Diner the 2nd night which was average for food and if you're on the plump side you wouldn't fit in the booths! The best bit was when the waiting staff burst into song and dance to Grease Lightning and encouraged diners to join in, great free floor show. Everything in the park is overly priced so take loads of money. One final thing, don't know if it's just me but I think there's something a little bit weird and sinister about grown adults hugging the Characters and getting their autographs! Went to Disneyland Paris with my daughter and relatives. The trip was very expensive and a bit of a disappointment. The French people were not very welcoming and I'm sorry that we didn't pay a little bit more and go to Disney in America. There was no magic and certainly no good will throughout the whole experience. If you want real Disney I definitely would not recommend Paris.Think very hard about when you go. We went in half term, queues up to two and a half hours long, the kids could not tolerate it, nor could we! Probably 25% of the rides either being upgraded or broken down, numerous break downs every day across the park,in disney and the studios. We did not book restaurants before we went, big issue, we could not eat in one restaurant that we wanted to either at all or at the time we wanted. So book before you go!!! (Unless you are happy to eat at either 5pm or 10pm) Highlight of holiday was wild west show, it was brilliant fun, again book before you go. Expect to spend AT LEAST 90% of your time in a queue, either for rides or for food and drink, ie queue for peter pan was hour and a half, ride lasted 60 seconds or so. In studios again many many break downs, there were two cinema experiences next door to each other both showing in french at the same time, surely it makes sense to do one in english and one in french at same time? Queued for an hour for another cinema experience, sat in seats for ten minutes to be told yet another break down, please leave. I am baffled as to how Disney has brain washed us in to think this is either acceptable or enjoyable, but you know why of course, because the kids love disney. Also if you fly try and land within the hours that Disney runs the shuttle buses, we had terrible experience stuck st airport let down by shuttle we had ordered via internet, if you do risk it do not pay in advance as they will more than likely not show up. We went to information desk at airport at 9.29pm to be told they would not speak to me as they shut at 9.30pm, I said i just needed advice on how to get our party with three small children to disney, they refused to talk to me. Charming. So this was very stressful. We were also not alone in being let down by shuttle others at airport also stuck, all different companies as well and very common by all accounts. I researched thoroughly and read a lot of reviews but still got stung! Disney break downs and shut offs while we were there   ratatouille, thunder mountain, cinemagique, buzz lightyear, pinnochio, videopolis, fantasyland railway station, star tours   need I go on? Best food we had was at wild west show and blue lagoon restaurant, but we were unable to get in any of the highly rated restaurants. Also if you are queueing for long periods and the weather is also cold it starts to get painful, so take hats, gloves, thermals and warm boots, my hands and feet go so cold they hurt, but obviously it was february so we were expecting cold weather but we forgot to take into account being stood still in queues for hours on end.Disney spent millions of Euro, Dollar, Pounds, building this place but failed to address the basic needs of children who cannot leave their wheelchairs! The park itself is accessible by wheelchairs but I believe this is purely because strollers   pushchairs are used rather than any thought of wheelchair access. This shows with the lack of drop curbs and where they do exist on one side of a road, they are not on another.There are also NO disabled changing facilities in the park. This meant we had to change our daughter on the floor of the toilet or as we had to do leave the park and return to our hotel to change her. Something which took a considerable amount of time and had to then re enter the park. They should speak to http:  www.changing places.org  on how to fit a changing room.On arrival you can go to the  Town Hall  where on proof of disability you are given a Green Priority card which outlines the disability. This provides you with no queuing access to rides and attractions.The reason I think it looks like wheelchair   disability access is an afterthought is that all the disabled access seems to be via the access of the rides and you have to go against the flow of sometimes 100's of people to get access. Some of who do not know that and can abuse you for going the wrong way. Also on some of the rides the staff try to load the wheelchair before everyone has exited the ride! This was particular on the flying carpets.Only 4 rides in the park seem to be used with a wheelchair and even then the staff refused us access to one of the rides because our wheelchair did not look  wheelchair  enough!! Not given the fact that our daughter who is 8 and has severe 4 limb cerebral palsy was obviously not able to sit unaided in the boat! only after a very loud argument causing embarrassment and distress were we finally allowed on the adapted boat for the Small World ride. The following day we put in a complaint at the town hall. We did feel our complaint was taken seriously. The Wonderful World of Disney does not seem to apply to those children who are always in wheelchairs. The majority of rides are for transfer from wheelchair only meaning that although you can get priority access to the ride you have to transfer out of the wheelchair to ride it. Many of the rides that have transfer only access do not have suitable seating for disabled children as they are just the plastic bench seats. What was upsetting   disappointing was the fact that some of the attractions that you would expect to be able to take a wheelchair on could not, such as the Disney train that goes around the park. How difficult is it to adapt this? the boats that show the classic childrens' stories requires transfer and even the tea cups need a transfer! We did not want or expect the major rides such as Hollywood Hotel, Parachute drop etc to be accessible as these are unsuitable for a child with severe disabilities, but there is no excuse for the basic ones.We found the staff on the Buzz Lightyear ride extremely helpful and the ride was a perfect example of wheelchair adaption. A mention must go to the staff on Armageddon who prior to the show talked us through exactly what was to happen, where to stand and most importantly how to exit the attraction quickly should our daughter become distressed. We were with a member of staff throughout and felt the staff had a full understanding of our needs   constraints.Whilst the park itself is a nice walk around with the wheelchair it is a disappointment having paid to come only being able to access about 4 rides. I think some work needs doing by Disney to allow the inclusion of children who are bound to their wheelchairs. The question is will they do it? I think sadly the answer is no, because they make their money! We did enjoy our holiday as it was our first one in 8 years since the birth of our daughter, we thought Disney would understand the needs of wheelchair bound children and were left sadly disappointed.This review will be absorbed into the 1000's of families who had a truly wonderful time, which I can say we would have had we not had a child in a wheelchair.We attended disneyland for 4 days. We stayed at cheyanne hotel with half board.. first of all hotel was good .set as a wild west theme.the rooms were small and very basic but we didnt mind that.. half board consists with few cereals and rolls with ham,no hot food . Was sick of eating same crap each morning. The shuttle bus from hotel is great and comes every 5 10 mins.disneyland itself is nice the kid loved it. As for parents it has to be one of the dearest places in the world. Absolute disgraceful prices, a total rip off. The found is disgusting in every restaurant, the drinks very dear and are watered down . We had half board but there was not much selection, all was cheapy buffet found. And the worst part about disneyland is the waiting times. Queing for 2 and a half hours to go on a ride for 40 seconds is madness. Another 2 hours to see a princess which last for a minute. No matter what you want to do in disneyland, prepare to que a minimum of 2 hours, the restaurant ques are not much better. You spend most your day queing which really turned me off going here again. My child liked it but we couldnt enjoy it as the queing took its toll and we stopped . We wont be returning to disneyland paris again. Was certainly not worth the money. Absolute Rip off decided to book thought Thomas Cook as taking the grandchildren for 3 nights 4 days. I had checked all the prices for trains etc and decided on the plane. glad we did. this was a good choice as we were collected from the airport and taken to the hotel. Cost   400 for flights for 2 adults and 2 kids age 6 and 4.Hotelcost   400 ish for half board. food wasnt great. salad bar not very inventive. and the main meals were ver poor. breakfast was continental style and if you wanted a cooked breakfast you had to lay out another 4 euro each. I paid for an omlette and beans for the grandson as he doesnt eat bread which is a real issue. but it was swimming in fat and he wouldnt eat it. the room. nice no issues.. clean etc. the kids had bunk beds and were really comfy. our bed was dredfull. was like two camp beds put together with a mattress on top so therefore a dip and ridge effect kettle in the room was a bonus and a hairdrier in the bathroom.. nice shower and bathif your self cat ering.. there is NOT a single shop anywehre in the vacinity and you would need to catch a train to the next town. we wanted to buy coffee as it was costing us 6euro for two smal cups, but no where to buy it. all hotels are around 15 20 minutes on the shuttle bus to disney land. and the busses go regulalry all day.had to pay another 540 euro for two days park entry.. so were now on   1500 for 3 nights. day one was spent queuing for 2 hours to see a princess and 1.5 hours to see mickey mouse. i expected to see charactors walking around.. nope.. not one. the kids were so dissapointed and i honestly wondered what the hell i had wasted   500 on! feel really ripped off. fish n chips (spot the fish) and fish finger and chips for the kids another   50 a time. everything is quadruple the price you wil pay in a disney store at home. we did the roudn the world boat which was good and the parade was good too. the paddle steamer was 15 minutes that i will never get back and apart from an old farmer (model) rocking in a wheelchair that was all there was to that. the kids kept asking to go back to the hotel to go swimming or in the play area (soft play)we met a family on the last day who told us that for our age group of kids they would have enjoyed the Disney odeon..but you do need a third day.Do not buy your tickets from the actual Disney land as we did!! we should not have paid for Harry as he is actually not 4 until march. so should have been free but they dont ask you for ages they simply charge you and i didnt ask.also the hotel were doing days for the price of 2 and we didnt realise that. also. on your tickets you are entitled to FREE PRIORITY PASSES.. no one actually tells you anything. and we need not have queued all the time.........would i return? i honestly dont think so.. its a lot of walking. a lot of money and altogether cost 2k which would better have been spent on an all incluisve holliday somewhere hot !i was so dissapointed with the place. i really wanted and expected for my grandchildren to see fairies and charactors that they know and love. but apart from the parade there was nothingnot for meI didn't have high expectations for Euro Disney but did expect that the park would have the same standards as the US Disney destinations. I was shocked at how filthy the bathrooms were and how rude the 'cast members' were to the visitors. One of the cast members actually yelled at a visitor who didn't get on the ride quickly or efficiently enough for her. I would have let that go but it happened on 2 other rides with other cast members. There isn't a lot to do at the park but there were a lot of restaurants that weren't open. The ones that were open the food was not good at all. The train ride out was nice but I wouldn't waste a day in Paris by going there again.Came on a Friday at the end of February. Was looking forward to an empty park. Didn't work. Massive queues everywhere (some up to a full hour). Short rides (less than two minutes for many). Fastpasses were finished by 13:30. To be fair   my six year old daughter said she had a good day. But she had a better time the next day in Luxemburg gardens and the Rodin museum. If you still want to go   get the tickets in advance online. Plan your visit with all the information on the website. Utilize the fastpass system   it's free and saves a lot of time. Come with a lot of patience and think of things to do while you stand in line for hours on end. We visited here with our young son in between Christmas and New Year and I can say it was the most disappointing experience of my son's young life. 80 minute queue to meet Mickey Mouse?!?! Shortest ride queue of 70 minutes! Some rides had queues of over 130 minutes. We where told to pay for a  fast pass ... Having spent   150 on tickets, I would think we had paid enough. We got on one ride, saw one small parade and we left as you could not get any food without a horrific queue. I visited here back in 1997 and it is seriously in need of vast improvement. Characters should walk about the park. You should NOT have to queue to see Mickey Mouse. Do not waste your money coming here!! Save up and go to America. I can only say that I was glad we were based in central Paris and not at Disney itself as I would of gone mad!!! When a 5 year old asks to leave Disney Land as he is bored of queuing, you know it's a terrible experience. We visited nearly two months ago and even now I am so disappointed that my son had his dreams dashed by the greed of Disney! Over sold, over busy!! Do not go!!We have recently got back from a 5 day, 4 night break in DLP. We stopped at the Davy Crockett Ranch which I was pleased with but I will write a separate review for that. This review is for DLP. We are a family of 7, consisting of 2 adults & 5 kids aged 11, 10, 8, 6 and 2. It was half term so I expected it to be busy, but I did not expect the queues to ruin my time there. They were a nightmare. Queueing for 30 minutes is bad enough but lots of them were for 70 minutes! It states clearly at the beginning of the ride how long you will have to wait, but they have a clever strategy of hiding how long the queue is as most of it is concealed from view. My husband said he felt like Homer Simpson as every time he thought he was nearing the end DOH, turn the corner and there is another mile of queue! My 2 year old was a nightmare waiting as you can't constrain them in a buggy as you have to leave the buggy outside of the ride so he kept trying to run off. My other kids would get bored too, and would end up bickering with each other or climbing on the barriers (which you are not allowed to do). Tip   any electrical hand held device that you have, please take, it will help alleviate boredom and keep Mom & Dad from losing the plot! We paid for the half board option and I am so glad that we did as we would have spent a fortune otherwise. We did not spend hardly any money as I refuse to be conned by the extortionate prices that they charge for food, drinks, toys, clothes etc. We just took packed lunches into the park, with drinks and sat and had our lunch in one of the many picnic areas. I told the kids that if there was anything they wanted to buy, take a picture and I'll have a look on Amazon when I get back home for a 3rd of the price. Unsurprisingly there was nothing that they were desperate to get! The food in the restaurants was lovely. Plenty to choose from and a good variety. Although don't get choosing Billy Bobs, we went there the one night and we had to queue for about 30 minutes just to be seated. I booked my restaurant reservations before I went which I would recommend.The 5pm Parade is fun but the crowds ruin it for me. I was stressed out keeping an eye on all my children. Also, when it finishes, getting out of the park is a nightmare as everyone else is doing it to. The night time parade is fantastic. The castle being lit up with fireworks is wonderful, but again, it is so busy, getting a decent place to view it is hard work.I preferred Disney Studios to the park as I enjoyed the shows. The car stunt show was brilliant. Also, the timings for the various shows usually meant that you didn't have to queue for too long.There were a couple of parks but they were closed. This was disappointing as this would have given my husband and I a bit of chilling out time whilst the kids let off some steam (I have all boys who have lots of energy), as they were getting cheesed off with queueing. We used the free  magic hours , but everyone seemed to as well. Yes, it's quieter than midday, but still, you are looking at about 30 minute wait, if not more. We also used the free pass, but sometimes the queue to even get the free pass was ridiculous.Overall I'm glad we went as it was an experience but this was not a holiday for me it was more of a military mission. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I had 1 or 2 children, but as my husband said, it would test the relationship of even the strongest of couples. Would I go back? No chance. Would I spend a fortune going to Florida? No. Give me a holiday where the kids have freedom to run about rather than being constrained to a queue and I can chill out, then I'm happy! I can safely say we won't be visiting another theme park for a long time!not a scratch on Disney world were everything is possible and staff are smiley and polite.  This place was the opposite which is probably why we did't see any Americans.Was a great Disney park when it opened under the name EuroDisney. Went when it was 3 months old and was dead to the world.Alas it's not got better with age. Queues galore, no characters walking around (yet you can buy autograph books?), messy toilets, flakey paint work and just unhappy staff.It was so great but it's just been forgotten. The rides are fantastic but the Qs put you in a bad mood.The staff seem annoyed too. You say please and thank you in French and get nothing back.One Italian family in front of us got annoyed with one staff member as they asked them a question in English just to get told rudely he didn't speak English? They told me they were shocked how a international park doesn't have English speaking staff.The other grumble is the shops. Every exit your in a shop and you be broke if you don't be tough and say no to disappointed kids.You can't beat the thrills of the rides. Some show age and forgotten the original architects plans so things are obscured from view now like on the train.It's still a great place to go for the magic but it's not as good as say Disneyland Hong Kong.Disneyland really is showing it's age. Very tired and out dated   the Michael Jackson 3D show is just laughable. Sure 30 years ago it would have been impressive but now it just looks sad.The biggest problem is the greed of the company. You have to queue for 60 minutes to ride a tame, middle of the road ride. Food and drinks are ridiculous   we paid    20 for 2 milkshakes.Expect to be ripped off by the mouse. We last visited just over a decade ago as a family of four, both in summer and winter (three days) and had a brilliant time. We have since visited Disneyland California   2010   and it certainly didn't disappoint. This time we hoped to recapture some of the magic when we visited for the day during a short Paris break, with just our younger son, aged 13. The day was no disaster, but standards had declined so dramatically since we were last here that I left feeling rather let down. We did both parks   Studios as well. On the plus side, the Animagique show was just as good as I remembered. My wife enjoyed Cinemagique while me and our son joined a queue. The Hollywood Tower Hotel was great and went some way to redeeming things. But otherwise? The park appeared tatty and dirty in places; I tripped on a large crack in the pavement. Statues were covered in bird droppings. Seats in the Cinemagique auditorium were broken and cracked. Space Mountain was shut, as was something starring Michael Jackson   so not too sad about that! The Aerosmith ride was working, but lost atmosphere as the sound system had failed. The studio tour was a bit sad: queue over an hour; some of the coaches were defective; the same video we remembered from years ago with Jeremy Irons (seriously?!?) was still being used and, whilst the canyon truck thing is still quite enjoyable, the set from the Reign of Fire felt antiquated and irrelevant; the vehicles supposedly used in films were dirty and rusting away giving the impression we were on a tour of a scrapyard rather than a film set. Long queues for Indiana Jones which was OK when we got to it. The biggest let down was the food. There was a dire shortage of accesible  functioning places to eat. We found ourselves in a desperate crush for fast food served up by hassled staff and which was overpriced, soggy (fries) and stale (burgers)   then there was nowhere to sit and eat it. There were families sitting on a crowded, sticky, unswept floor, children crying, their parents' stress palpable. Awful. Later I joined a queue at an outside concession stand to get hot drinks to sustain us as we queued for a ride. I had to give up after 20 minutes of nothing happening. As for the staff, I got the general impression that, like me, they would rather have been somewhere else: many were clearly doing their best, but I do not take kindly to being barked at for failing to respond immediately to instructions in rapid fire French having waited in a queue for nearly an hour in the cold. I have graded the experience based on the standards we were expecting of Disney, which, in the manner of the elevator in the scary Hotel ride, have plummeted. My advice is to spend the day in Paris instead   see the sights (the Eiffel Tower is genuinely thrilling), ride the water bus, take in a gallery or museum, have a slap up lunch in relaxed surroundings   all for a fraction of the price. Even the Paris cops, despite the body armour and artillery, were friendly, posing for photos with kids and giving directions with a smile when we needed it   maybe some of the Disney people could learn something from them!Just got back from spending four days in Euro Disney and although I do acknowledge it was during school holidays, I was left disappointed and underwhelmed with the Disney experience especially with the amount of queuing. I have been a few times before, but a number of years ago, but boy has the place gone downhill. We spent four days queuing, often in queues that are badly managed with people pushing in (sorry, but quite often they are French) for rides that had 'technical' problems and regardless of how long you have been queuing, you are just told to come back later   after queuing for two hours for the Turtle ride, we were lucky that someone translated the announcement that the ride was being closed due to technical issues   hard to explain to an 5 and 8 year old after queuing for almost 2 hours for nothing! It probably didn't help that a number of rides were closed for refurbishment or maintenance, this just added pressure on the remaining rides. There wasn't adequate food outlets and we saw a number of kiosks closed even though there was massive queues. Be prepared to queue, queue and queue, including also having pictures taken with any characters, for a table at any of the restaurants off the park and pretty much queuing for large amounts of your day! You associate Disney as providing excellent levels of service, most of their staff need to be reminder of this (not all, but quite a few), I was even barged out of the way but one member of staff who was clearly not happy and in a rush. The park is in need of money being spent on it, some areas looked tired and water features etc were not working, there was also a fair amount of rubbish in some areas. Used to be such a magical experience and you would have thought Disney would know how to manage high volumes of people or perhaps they don't care   perhaps someone from Disney should visit as a paying customer and not as a VIP, they could be quite shocked!Just returned from Paris. Where do I start . Sat nav does not take you to the ranch instead to a dead end to a padlocked gate. Asked the locals if they knew where the ranch was. Reply no Idea. After 45 minutes driving in circles eventually found the signs to the parks. Followed signs and some guess work we eventually found the ranch. Now it's very late the family and I are very tired after a long drive from London. Checked into our cabin which really was a glorified caravan. We were situated in the middle of the woods which was very cold and wet. After we had settled in we went to the ranch tavern to have our evening meal. This was a buffet which was o.k. Following morning breakfast which wasn't a buffet but you go to a hut to collect bread,tea,milk so you take it back to your cabin and make it yourself. We had the impression that the breafast was a buffet. This was not the case. So to put it in a nut shell this was awful.The both parks we're run down and needed some work doing. Everything was over priced. Come on Disney get your act together. I felt ripped off. The kids did not enjoy this nor did the wife. To summarise Paris has let themselves down and need to do something about this asap. Good luck if you decide to go here.We visited California Disney about 7 years ago. We loved it and spent three full days enjoyed every suitable attraction. The rides were all like an experience or adventure. With that in mind we decided to spend one day from our European trip at the Paris Disneyland. We arrived by car on time for the opening at 10am. It took some time to get from the car to the entrance however this was ok as they had supplied travelators. As for most places now we had a bag search, then as We had pre purchased tickets we ust joined the gigantic mass of people, no queues, and pushed and shoved until we went through a turnstile. We saved 5 euro per ticket by buying at a local hotel. Cost was about $100. With forethought in Australia we could have saved much more by buying online. As we couldn't access a printer we couldn't do this in Paris. As it was winter the crowds were OK. The rides were generally just amusement park style, not Disney style. The haunted house was pretty good, the Indiana jones just a roller coaster, not anything like the real Disneyland but ok for what it was. The railroad ride was fun. The teacups were fine and the dumbo ride was the same. Star tours was a good ride and the laser ride buzz light year was fine with a fast pass. Aside from that the rides were boring and not very many of them. Many attractions were closed for winter maintenance without any warning of this when purchasing tickets. The food areas were packed with not enough seating, and very expensive food. The stores all sold the same items, as expected overpriced. The store assistants were surly, and on one purchase the man was extremely rude and nasty. I really did not feel as though I was in Disneyland. I saw three characters only all day (outside of the afternoon parade) and they were moving from one venue to somewhere else and refused to stop for children or photos. The only way to see any of the princesses or mickey was to line up for up to an hour. When standing in the street for the parade the security type people were rude and pushy and continually barked at everyone to get back. We left after that although we still had extra time left as we were not enjoying it. The atmosphere of the USA Disneyland was so lovely and this was nowhere like it at all in any way. I would hate to be there in summer as even at this time in the middle of winter they couldn't cope with the numbers of people. The park is too small for the crowds and needs to be enlarged and give the staff public relations training.My family are all huge fans of Disney. We've been to WDW resorts, watch the films, and have come to expect quite a lot from the brand when it comes to quality. While my children and I had a good time, it was almost in spite of the cast members and the overall upkeep of the Disneyland Paris park.I can't fault the park itself for long queues. I can, however, fault them for dingy rides that desperately need a fresh coat of paint. The entirety of Frontier Land reeked of garbage water. Cast members wandered about in packs, chatting amongst themselves totally disinterested in the guests (which would get them fired in WDW). Trash wasn't picked up, fountains were dirty, and the whole park had an overall  tired  feel to it.One of the daily parades broke down (I know, things happen) and it took nearly an hour to get it back up and running again. That's ridiculous. I know I keep making comparisons to WDW, but it cannot be helped. WDW would have had things up and running in minutes. It just seems that Disneyland Paris really doesn't care about creating a magical atmosphere. Disney Paris is just another amusement park that happens to have Mickey Mouse.With that said, it *is* still Disney. My children had a marvelous time, we met plenty of characters (MAKE RESERVATIONS and DOUBLE CHECK), and most of the rides were up and running when we were there. Cast members, for the most part, were polite. There was plenty to do and the children were absolutely charmed by the scenery, topiaries, characters, rides, and parades. Their joy was enough to keep me motivated for the duration of our trip.Well, it looks nice and artistic and the night show is beautiful and nicely designed. It is just not a happy place. Staff has no enthusiasm for being there. slow and grumpy   no difference from the staff working in Monoprix here in Paris. Due to the inefficiency, the line is long and moving slowly. The visitors are friendly if they are not from Paris but unfortunately there are many  Parisians . Once I overheard a French telling a lady to get out of the park because it is belong to France and the American lady with her two younger girls who were standing next to him watching parades taking too much space and he was not able to stretch. Well, it is Disney so it is still can be fun but it is in Paris so  people's attitude  is always an issue.. Keep your expectation low so you may find some happiness... If you have been to Florida disney   like us   Keep 20% expectation then you will be OK.I've visited Eurodisney several times with various young members of the family, but I doubt I shall be making any more visits. The entry prices are now outrageous, the service poor, the staff are borderline rude and really don't seem to care and many of the rides simply weren't functioning. Which means that the queues for the functioning rides are enormous and the whole process is a tiresome foot dragging obligation rather than a cheerful, happy day out with the kids. The cost of the merchandising is beyond reason and the restaurants are expensive, poor quality and dirty. No   I think I'll go elsewhere next time.Compared to the US parks, this is just not the same. Staff often seemed disinterested and lacked the sparkle of their american colleagues. My main issue was smoking in public areas. While this is the cultural norm in France, it is banned in the park with designated smoking areas in place. However, the rule is not enforced at all so expect to have people smoking all over the place which is uncomfortable when you are crowded together in queues or when watching parades. I saw people smoking right in front of other peoples children and cast members who did nothing to enforce the no smoking policy. When I mentioned it to guest relations they told me that they has been instructed not to enforce the policy so as not to upset their majority smoker customer base. The park normally has about 15000 visitors a day,this weekend there were over 50000 on both Saturday and Sunday.on Sunday many rides eg dumbo did not open until 10am.we were staying over so had magic hours,not a lot of use if a number of attractions do not open til 10am.Even the coffee kiosks weren't open.Decided to go one day to Disney Paris. VERY easy to get to on the RER, about a 40 minute ride. We bought the zone 5 Mobilis ticket which was good all day long. We got there around 9:30 am. You get dropped off right at the gate which is great. Lines were not long at all to buy your ticket on a cold December Saturday. As you've read, the smoking in the park is outta control! Mon Dieu, smoking everywhere, and people are just tossing their butts all over the place. Not the neat and tidy parks you are used to, if you've been to Disneyland Resorts in the states. The other odd thing, is that we could not find working water fountains, not sure if there was a problem that day we went, or if water is intentionally turned off so that you have to purchase drinks. Food and drink in this park is expensive, as it is in other parks, but it's just not very tasty. I saw lots of what I assume were locals just eating their own lunch. Not only is the food expensive, but you would think being in Paris food would be a little better...it's not. We didn't eat at any of the buffets, just got a sandwich on Main Street. No carts selling corn dogs, turkey legs, chowder bowls, or some french specialty like escargo, or croissants here. Maybe buffets are better, but at nearly $35 or $40, they ought to be. Rides were OK, Space Mountain is WAY faster than the one in DL Resort in Anaheim. The Aerosmith Steve Tyler roller coaster was great as well. Glad we went, and no regrets, but definitely not returning.This was my fourth visit to Disneyland Paris having been previously in 2001, 2007 and 2009 and it has always been a magical enjoyable experience, always looking forward to our next visit. We also visited the resort in Anaheim California in 2012 which was amazing. However we left feeling very disappointed after our most recent visit to Disneyland Paris.The main park now sadly seems very run down and tired, with cutbacks in the number of attractions and shows, with rides regularly breaking down. and the smoking!! I have never seen so many people smoking in a public place, even while standing in queues for rides with small children around, with no staff members enforcing the smoking policy.We always avoid the food outlets in the park which are frankly a rip off. We always take a packed lunch to snack during the day, which usually consists of rolls, croissants and other items from breakfast, and we take our own bottled water. Who wants to spend ages in a queue for junk food and fizzy drinks?We have been spoilt on previous visits with numerous parades throughout the day, including an electrical parade, shows and quality stage performances, Disney characters just wandering around the park to meet and greet you. Now there seems to be one parade a day, no live shows, and Disney characters nowhere to be seen. After about the third day having been on most of the rides we were getting bored! The only real highlight was the Disney Dreams show at the end of the day which was fantastic.The rides are still good, but again with a lack of maintenance they didn't seem as good as before. I compared a video I shot of Pirates of the Caribbean ride back in 2007 to what it was now, and half the animatronics don't seem to work any more, now just static figures. We were stuck on Autopia for some time as one of the cars broke down. We also had fast passes for Buzz Lightyear one day but missed out as it was closed due to a 'technical problem'. More of the popular rides would also benefit from having Fastpass, despite numerous visits I have still never had a chance to go on the Finding Nemo ride, always a ridiculous queue!This is a far cry from the Disney experience you get at Anaheim. That park is almost 60 years old but it feels brand new, the staff are friendly, all rides working (and if they don't work, they are closed down and fixed   not leaving people stranded). queues move quickly, and a strict smoking policy where people actually smoke in the designated areas! on another note, Anaheim has much better Parade etiquette, where people at the front sit down on the pavement, so people behind can see. Unlike Disneyland Paris with everyone standing up and pushing and shoving to get the best view, also plenty of places to sit down. I overheard one Cast Member talk about Disneyland Paris being the 'poor relation' out of all the Disney parks! Have the appropriate Disney authorities actually inspected Paris in recent years? surely there are standards that must be maintained?You expect to go to Disneyland for a magical experience and come away smiling and only feeling sad because the holiday is over. I came away feeling conned, with smelly clothes and a bad cough. cheers Disney.I hear there are plans for an upgrade to DLP in 2017 for the 25th Anniversary, such as a new Star Tours ride. This is welcome news and I hope they also factor in a major cash injection to refurbish the rest of the park and bring back more of the parades and shows.It's a pity they never built the park in Spain which I think was the original plan, it would have been far better I think and and not just because of the better weather. Building in France I think was financially motivated, shame they went with the scheme and not the dream : (We always go to disney USA (orlando) but thought we would pop over to see euro disney at Christmas.Well I think USA disney need to get over to France and kick some butts!First the smoking from people is dreadful,obviously the designated smoking spots are not used or doesn't apply to the French. People even smoking in queues ,disney staff don't give a toss.this is a park full of kids if they aren't bothered about their own kids have some respect for other peoples kids.There is none of the customer care that goes without saying in the USA. The staff are surly . chewing gum all over the place and cigarette butts,chipped pain and dirty rides. This would never happen in USA. The whole place is like the pound shop does disney !! Obviously the disney rule book has been tossed out and not followed in France. Save your money and go to a proper Disney park in USAI understand that Disney Paris is only partially owned by Walt Disney, but I would figure that they'd be in touch enough to know and enraged about how short it falls from the two parks in the US.First of all, it seemed as though people smoked just about anywhere they pleased. I understand that it's Paris and not the US but still   it has Disney's name on it. Next, a good chunk of our time was wasted in line waiting for rides that ended up breaking down. Wait or move on? That was a crapshoot. Sometimes they'd be fixed within a half hour and we'd be on our way. The other half of the time we were told  ferme  (broken) and were told to move along. This happened A LOT with the major attractions that we tried to visit. Some were broken the entire time we were there.Third, the general upkeep was not up to California and Florida Disney standards. It pained me to see the amount of cigarette butts and general trash that was not picked up by park operators.Finally, the cost of the meals seemed outrageous. In California or Florida it was a little inflated   it was a captive audience scenario after all   but in Paris it seemed that we couldn't get away with a meal for 4 that ran under 3x what we paid in the US. The very poor quality of the food was also a major bummer   especially for what we paid.We would not, under any foreseeable circumstances, choose to visit again based on the poor quality of our first go around. Too bad.Old hotel; poor services; long lines; expensive. Some attractions are really nice and funny; others are nothing special. When we went there a lot of attractions were closed.My girlfriend and I visited Disney Land Paris on the 2nd January to celebrate the new year, and to be honest, we were left extremely disappointed and we left to go home a lot earlier than we intended to. So where do I begin      .We arrived at Opera at 8.25am on the morning for the bus to depart at 8.40am. The bus was nowhere to be seen and there were 2 other couples who we did not know also waiting for the bus that did not arrive. So the Shuttle bus was either extremely early and left without us even though we were on time, or did not turn up at all. We then all had to pay more money to get the train to Disney Land (which is a much better idea anyway). When we eventually arrived at the park we were looking for somewhere to eat in the morning but no restaurants were open and the only place that was open for breakfast was for hotel guests only. We then walked around the park and proceeded to try and get food from various vendors   stalls in the park but they were all closed, empty, or out of service. We did find 1 coffee stand in in Discovery Land but the Milk was off and sour so I had to throw it away which was another waste of money. So we did not get food until 11.45am in one of the fast food places at the back of the park opening for lunch time. Starving! A number of rides were also out of order for a while (thunder mountain, Indiana jones, toy story and others) which meant there was not a lot else to choose from for adults in the main park, and since the other rides were out of order for an unknown time it was impossible to get on the other decent rides because the queues were so big! So we did not go on a lot of rides during our time there. We were actually queuing for Toy Story for 20 minutes then an announcement came on saying that it was out of service due to a technical fault, we waited another 10 minutes before we decided to leave because no progress was made, but when we left the queue the lady at the gate then said you can go back the ride is back on but by that time we already lost our place in the queue and it was still another 45 minutes wait. No announcement was made that the ride was back on for the people waiting and we were very annoyed that we wasted so much time. So we moved on. On two separate occasions we queued up to get our picture taken with the Disney Characters in the park, the lines were not that big so we were optimistic. But both times a member of staff told us that no more pictures were allowed to be taken so we didn   t even get a chance to get our picture taken. This would not normally be a huge issue, but on top of everything else it was starting to take the mickey (no pun intended). Due to the number of issues, lack of good service, lack of rides available and general poor quality of rides we left the park at 5pm feel very unsatisfied. We were hoping to use our Express ticket to get the bus home at 8pm (since the 1st one never showed on the time stated) but we could not last another 3 hours in the park after being left frustrated. We had a magnificent time in Paris in general, but I am sad to say Disney was certainly the only low point. I am astonished this cost me   162.00 in total and I hope in future if we decide to visit again that the experience is a lot more enjoyable.We have been to Disneyland Paris three times. The first time in 2009 and then again in 2010 for 4 days and more recently in 2014 for 5 days. The first two visits were magical and we really looked forward to returning this third time. Our third and what will be our final visit was extremely disappointing. Disneyland Paris has changed, standards have dropped and the magic and sparkle have gone. The place is run down, dated and not well kept or clean. The toilets were attrocious and filthy! The staff in the restaurants are mostly unhelpful and miserable, not what you would expect from Disney. No longer are there any seating areas for the parades, it is all kerbside, with crowds of pushing people, and the regular parades that used to occcur every hour or so have been taken out. There is now just one parade a day. The crowds are a nightmare, they just keep letting more and more people in, park, packing people in like sardines and what seems to be beyond actual capacity, therefore, those of us who pay thousands of pounds to stay there have to battle to get onto the rides with locals who pay a fraction of the price. The newest and one of the best rides Ratatouille had ridiculous queues (about 1 hr 30 mins) and broke down on the first day we tried to get on it. On one ocassion about three rides we tried to go on had broken down and overall I felt for what we were getting Disneyland Paris is overpriced and in desperate need of an overhaul. They also have this new voucher system where one meal a day and afternoon tea are included in the price of your stay. This results in everyone eating in the restaurants causing again, long queues and difficulty getting tables, e.g previously you could book Mickey's Cafe on the same day, now you have to book about 2 days ahead and have to accept a late booking. Auberg de Cendrillon, although expensive, was at least a treat in the past, now due to the voucher system, it is practically impossible to book. Again we had to accept the last lunch booking, which was very late. The characters were aloof and one character just walked off and wouldn't come over to sign my little girl's autograph book! At almost Eur 160 for lunch for three people, I would have expected a little more of a welcome, friendlier characters and better food. The atmosphere there this time around was flat and quite frankly I just wanted to pay the bill and leave. I didn't enjoy anything about this trip to Disneyland Paris and wish I had kept the memories of my last two trips and not gone this last time. I have never been to the US parks, however, I wouldn't recommend the Paris one anymore it is hugely expensive but not better than any other good theme park that you would get anywhere else in Europe, which would probably cost less, have better rides, friendlier and more helpful staff and cleaner parks!This was our 15th trip to Disneyland and we are avid Disney fans, but this trip left us very very disappointed. We queued 75 minutes to ride Indiana Jones and we sat in the seat and it broke down, we queued the next day for 65 minutes and it broke down again. Space mountain and Big Thunder Mountain were also broken down. Queues were ridiculous with hardly any staff around to give information or to 'police' what was happening. The quick service restaurants were anything but quick service! This trip was a very very expensive disappointment..I'm pretty certain that if Walt Disney visited Eurodisney today he would ask to have his name removed from the park's name... Long queues everywhere with more than 70 75min waiting time for the best rides (Space Mountain, Indiana Jones, Star Wars etc)   3 rides faced technical issues and closed in a day (Indiana Jones, Ratatouille, Disneypark Train). We've been waiting for 70 min on all the above rides and they we were forced to go as they had to shut them down  all announcements are made in French so when there is a technical issue or delay in a ride you don't understand what's happening  cafes and restaurants with ridiculous queues all serving the same menu: burgers, fries, fried chicken. No other options in the entire park  Fast pass tickets sold out within the first hours  No places to rest   benches etc apart from the outside of some restaurants (if they are not packed)  No heaters anywhere (despite the fact that it's set not in Orlando but outside Paris with 0 and below 0 temperatures for 4 months in a year)   Poor customer service done the French way   Bad value for moneyThe Disney tag line is Live the Dream. Well I lived a dystopian nightmare during my visit. Nothing could have prepared me for the crowds. Queuing for 2 hours for a five minute ride. In one day no less than four rides we were waiting for broke down, one while we were on it and we had to be 'evacuated'.Food is expensive and very poor, customer focus is completely lacking and although the staff on the ground try to do their best, they are completely overwhelmed by the numbers. Too many tacky gift shops and too few food outlets that allow you to sit down. All the restaurants have to be prebooked so unless you do this you are left with nasty fast food outlets.I felt very sorry for downhearted people with small children who looked exhausted and fractious. This is not a place for the very young.We caught one brief glimpse of a Disney character in the four days we were there. The philosophy behind this venture seems to be to charge exorbitant prices and then pack people in like cattle. In fact if cattle were treated like this in the UK the RSPCA would be up in arms.I would never visit again or recommend this money making machine that has no respect for its customer base.We went to the park on New Year's Eve. We expected it to be busy but nothing could have prepared us for the crowds and lack of organisation at the park. Unlike at Disney Land in California the characters are not walking around the park and mingling with visitors. There was a 150 minute wait to meet the princesses and an hour wait to meet Mickey. In the 14 hours that we were in the park we managed to get on just 8 rides. We queued for two rides, only to get to the front of the queue for them to then break down. Other rides had broken down too. The 'parades' were anything but. One consisted of the two princesses from Frozen riding in a carriage. Nothing more. The other was the princesses and some soldiers which passed by in a minute. The Secret Wishes show at the castle however was amazing and we thoroughly enjoyed it. We took food in with us and snacked during the day. The prices are astronomical. Coke is 3.19 euro, Pack of crisps 1.99 euro. Restaurants were serving New Year's Eve menus at 229 euro per head. We had to slump for McDonald's in the Disney Village. But I guess you don't really go to Disney for the food. We spent New Year in the Disney Studios. Our ticket included access to both parks but there is no way we could have done both in a day. The entertainment up to New Year was great and the fireworks were superb.I wouldn't rush back to Disney, Had a far better experience in California. Avoid at New Year and my advice would be to travel during term time.We visited Hong Kong Disneyland a few years back (2011) with our now 8 and 6 year old and we were all totally enthralled with the Disney experience.You can imagine our disappointment when Paris Disneyland came nowhere close to those expectations, Overcrowded   to be expected on New Years Day I suppose   but the queue times are a total joke. We queued for a Thunder Mountain for nearly 2.5 hours despite the sign saying 70 minutes. The place was freezing with not a single heater anywhere. The food prices make the cinemas look like a charity   12 euro for two messily boxes of popcorn.The place does look amazing and the rides (if you can get on them) are fabulous but the votes are in and we won't be going back. Disney have definitely lost our family as customers, probably for good. I'd have a hard time convincing the kids to go through that again.Firstly, I have been to the magical Disney parks in America, and I was warned not to compare!! But I was very very underwhelmed with Disneyland Paris. It is the staff who inject the  magic  into the Disney experience, without their enthusiasm the magic fades   a bit like Tinkerbell with no pixie dust. The staff in the American parks pull you along on this wave of upbeat happiness which you can't help being affected by   in a good way!! They are so energetic and positive. Then we come to Paris and it is like they have hired security people, not entertainment staff! They were so paranoid about rules and regulations   don't stand there, you can't take a picture there, you're child can't put their foot there, it is closed   why   it just is go elsewhere etc... They got me thinking that there must have been a serious accident in the park for them to be so solid and serious, they had me on edge and I was with two young children. Lots of the attractions were closed, which was fine as it was winter but I felt there were too many people in the park for the amount of things to do, as the queues were ridiculous in the freezing cold and no light entertainment en route! As if!!! The Frozen parade consisted of Elsa and Anna in a horse drawn carriage miming badly to frozen songs   my little one was very disappointed, she thought she would see Olaf! Luckily we had booked Auberge de Cendrillon   the Cinderella restaurant which my two little ones enjoyed and they did chat to and meet the princesses who were lovely. So this was good but very expensive. I will not return to Disneyland Paris as I did not enjoy the  experience  and in my opinion that was down to the unfriendly, unhelpful staff. We work hard to earn the money to visit these places so it helps if our visit is appreciated by staff. Without visitors Disneyland Paris would be a very big empty site. We were recently disappointed with our recent visit, the queues for good etc were appalling and we visited mid week in December, the staff were really rude and this was not a magical experience as I have had on previous trips to disney, lots of areas not open and the parades etc have been cut back to bare minimum. We wanted a souvenir for kids that had 2014 and asked in various outlets only to be looked at as if we were silly and told it's next year now. This is our 5th visit and by far the worst.So, we've been to disneyland Paris twice before this visit. I have to say, this will be the 3rd and final time.The only thing in my mind that makes it disney is it's layout ... Nothing else is really  disney . There are broken amenities throughout the park, the place needs a good clean and paint job ... And the major irritation .,, the smoking! No child should have to walk around fantasy land avoiding being burnt by cigarette ends! We went to town hall to talk about disney becoming a  no smoking park  and we were told  it is  ... Well, I have to say, I laughed. The lady ... Albeit pleasant, said,  you can not tell the French not to smoke ... They just shout at you . Well, having been to Anaheim twice and florida twice ... And they have managed to make all their parks non smoking in a country that relies on its billion dollar tabacco industry ... It's pure laziness and a lack of effort that allows this place to be filthy!For those that have only ever been to dlp ... Please do not think that this is  disney  because it is so not ... It looks like disney ... But without the disney magic! So, although there were pleasant parts ... Next disney trip ... Florida 2016!We visited with my family the second week in December. They were clearly already in Xmas mode in Disney, which the kids loved. Friday afternoon was OK, we didn't wait too long for most of the rides, and the bulk were operating.Saturday and Sunday was a disaster though. We stayed in one of the Disney hotels, so we could enter the park earlier. Supposed  magic hours , so not worth it !!!Most of the rides weren't functioning, sort of defeats the whole purpose, was even worse on the Sunday.Quite often we would wait and the ride would then just close, obviously some safety issue. I agree with another review. They are in serious need of an overhaul, and that covers all the hotels and the various facilities and rides.I don't see it as realistic to wait 120 minutes for a ride???We^re a family of 2 adults and 2 kids. We booked a 2 parks 2 days arrangement, which is astronomically expensive, compared to other parks like Europapark in Rust, Germany, or Efteling park in the Netherlands. It was not our first time in Disneyland Paris, we've been at least 3 times before. But I must say that the last trip was for sure the last one for a long time. We felt ripped off in every way: at every attraction there were queues of 45 minutes at least, up to 120 minutes. In two days we were just able to make 9 rides in total. Many of them had constantly technical issues, and were down, so we couln't even use our fastpass (happened twice to us, plus another time we waited nearly an hour at Big Thunder Mountain, then it closed due to technical issues, right before we could ride). Another fastpass ticket went bust because we spent 110 minutes in a queue which was supposed to last  only  70 minutes. So if you like to spend your time standing in the cold, with some drizzling rain, with children who are very disappointed because they can't go on any ride, with completely overprized and overcrowded restaurants, then Disneyland is for you at Christmas time! To be fair, I have to say that the Xmas decorations were even more beautiful this year than the year before, but that didn't compensate our total frustration. We all actually regretted having gone there, and if we ever go again in an attraction park around Xmas, it will be either Europapark or Efteling, both less than half price of the Disney rip off.Not a lot to say about this place to be honest, other than the fact that I was very disappointed by it. Ok, so we went at a busy time of year   but it was such a dull, uninspiring place. It looks pretty tatty, the people that work there are miserable and it's very expensive. Personally I wouldn't go back   save your money and go to a theme park in the UK.We have just come back from Disney Paris after a week stay in the Hotel Santa Fe .This has been our eighth time to Disney Paris .WE WERE VERY DISAPPOINTED this time .There used to be lots of shows ,like Lion King ,Christmas winter wonderland show ,both these are sadly no more .The hole park is starting to look shabby, broken paths dirty walls and some smelly WC S.The staff are not as cheerful and friendly as years past ,when we first started visiting Disney the staff had the Disney spark ,sadly this seems to be missing .A lot of the parks rides are very dated now and are in need of refurbishment .Studio tram tour ,boring ,the canyon is still good but the props as you drive around are a joke and the reign of fire would be better if a Dragon actually came out of the pipe .Time they had more of Disney Cars better photo ops ,no Disney Cars even in the Parades . The Lighting Mcqueen in the stunt show also very boring .Also rides breaking down ,the Buzz broke down ,Casey Jones broke down ,Crush coaster broke down ,Pinochio broke down and the rear of the Tanker in the canyon tram tour did not even ignite ,we must be the most unlucky family as these were all in one day .Also there needs to be more thrilling rides built,take a tip out of Universal studios ,or Thorpe park UK.The new Ratatouie ride is good but nothing to write home about ,once you have been on it once ,once is enough .Go In the single rider line not worth a 40 minute wait in normal line . .The parades very very small now .The parades were a delight to watch years ago .Even the tree lighting ceremony just a light show now ,no characters dancing around.Stars in there cars this is an understatement one car in front handful of characters walking behind then another car ,they then go in to the circle of which is roped of so trying to get pics with characters a joke .There used to be lots of characters around the parks, years past, now its spot the character .Why cant they get more characters and have people line up and move along each character like Disney Florida .Also people smoking all over the park where ever you go ,people smoking while we were queuing ,My Wife complained to staff on many occasion and the staff did nothing .While my wife was waiting for my son and I to come of the parachutes ,it was raining and people were sheltering under the photo point under the parachute with other people ,a woman decided to start smoking ,my wife moved over to the large umbrella a female staff member was stood and told my wife to move as she was causing a Health and Safety obstruction for disabled access to the ride, my wife told the staff member that the woman was smoking ,so the staff member told my wife to tell her to put it out, my wife replied to the staff member   you should be telling the smoking woman to put it out . Too many people smoking around the parks .The park is more bothered about opening more over priced merchandise shops and restaurants .We were also awoken by booming really like music around midnight ,I thought there was a show going on at the Santa Fe,it was so loud even the windows were shaking .I did phone the reception and there response was it was coming from the Disney Village so I felt sorry for people in the Hotels closer to the Village .Who ever the Director is, of Disney Paris, needs to get a grip and get the Parks back to the DISNEY MAGIC FROM YEARS PAST .If he cant then give the job to someone who can .Save your money go to Florida you will never look back .For short breaks go to Places in uk Like Thorpe Park ,Alton Towers Etc I will not be going back to Disney Paris for a long time there needs to be a drastic change for me and my family to go back now and I will be telling my friends and family about our latest experience .Really disappointed with our latest trip here. Last went in Feb and can see a difference in the upkeep and standard of the park. Shabby rides, algae growing on walls of dumbo ride, water by discovery land green and smelly, toilets dirty. Several rides broke down while we were in line including: ratatouille (twice), big thunder mountain and buzz lightyear. Extra magic hours a joke   lack of staff meant that normal day visitors could get in all areas from 9.30 as no one to check once inside park. Many food outlets and restaurants closed despite the ones open being fully booked apart from half nine at night (too late for a toddler)   if they are fully booked then surely enough demand for another one to open? Long queues everywhere including for lunch (35 mins in colonel hathis with one till open), and 20 min queue for breakfast in hotel. The christmas parade had 5 floats and a shorter route than normal parade   less characters too. Complete lack of characters out and about in the park, only scheduled meet and greets with mickey and Minnie, goofy and Donald or a couple of princesses and these had queues of over an hour. None in the hotel. Christmas decorations at entrance and in Main Street impressive and then nothing on the rest if the park. Also, extremely irritating were the large families with one child with 'behavioural' problems which meant they couldn't wait in a queue so they got the whole family a pass which let them use the disabled line and go straight to the front of the rides. This is a scam being used over and over in the parks. The food at the blue lagoon restaurant and the steak house was good, as was the service in both. The disney dreams show was also good.Unfortunately, this isn't a proper disney experience, more a theme park with disney decorations.we have been here a number of times over the years that it has been open so we are not fazed by the high prices in the park or the number of staff that are so rude they should be sacked on the spot but this time I'm so sad to see the state of the park, the maintenance of the buildings, the walkways and the little things that make Disney so magical for the whole family has gone to pot, Walt Disney would shut this place down in a heartbeat if he saw it there are patches of concrete all over the park different colours from the rest of the ground, the building and flooring are cracked and crumbling and rubbish strewn all over the place, even waiting for the rides people are smoking at the gates and the staff just don't care.Went here for our sons 10th birthday spent 2 days we have been to Disney in Fl. But Paris is a fraction of the size and needs a lot of updating, Main Street looks just like Disney Fl.The whole park just looked cheap and being from America but speaking a little French I was shocked when we asked for help and the one girl made a comment about the Americans the other girl told her to stop and be quite Overall I will stick with Orlando Fl.We went to Disneyland Paris on monday, it was a cold day of beginning of December, not a holiday date: price was 45    adult an 39    child and from 10am to 1730pm we had the chance to do just a few attractions with our child. This attractions require an average queue of 45 minutes, no heating during the queue (tempertature was 2 degrees C and windy), while the attraction itself lasts about 3 minutes!!! After 55 minutes of queue we could meer  Mikey Mouse ....fortunately this line was inside, heated and showing cartoons on a big screen, so it was enjoyable for the child.Food wise, if you do jot want to spend 70     p p for the buffet restaurant (if there is any space available at lunch time), be prepared to have frozen sandwiches, eat and drink standing up and make a long long queue to have your food or tea or hot chocolate. Obviously, prices are like an armed robbery! It really seems that all they want is your many and your wellbeing is secondary or even  not taken in consideration .The defilee of Santa and many other characters of Disney was quite good...I can't believe the reviews that say on 29 Nov there was no queues!! The park was so full they put up signs saying  Parc Sature  or in English  Park saturated . During the day the place looks tired and unloved. There are about 6 great rides and a lot of rubbish rides you get in any fair back home and the queues are unbelievable, 45 mins for a flying carpet ride which lasts 1 minute. 45 mins for parachute ride, again 1 minute!! Pirates of the Caribbean was awesome but the queue, 2 hours!! Keeping a 5 year old happy that long is impossible. Don't get me wrong the children LOVED IT but we spent 8 hours non stop and managed only 5 rides and lunch. I have another granddaughter coming up to 5, I don't think I will bring her. I will probably go to Alton Towers!Very expensive!  Very old!  Too many people everywhere!!  Expect over 2 hour waiting everywhere and for nothing special at the end!  Very disappointed!!  Enjoy Paris instead and go to Disneyland in USA!!!My husband and I cane here as part of our honeymoon. Unfortunately we both thought it was a waste of time that would have been better spent in Paris itself. The park was extremely overcrowded, even for the 'off season'. The park was dirty and not as many attractions available meaning long, long lines for rides that were outdated and not worth the wait. There was not many eating places available and those that were open served food that was not very nice. Basically I wouldn't bother with this park unless you had young children. Such a shame as we loved Disneyland in California. this park is good for the young kids and the Halloween shows parades were brilliant but the whole place is in need of some serious maintenance   TLC you never see any one cleaning in America that is all you do see. people are smoking every where and no one asks anyone to stop the whole place needs several months cleaning   maintenance. The food and snacks are way to expensive crazy prices & not even good quality buy from the supermarket and take in with you. the Disney merchandise is more expensive than it is in the shops in the uk. I purchased a planes toy in the UK for   20 before we left from Disney the exact same toy 40 euro in Disney twice the cost.The queues are huge with very few fast passes available. you are called for the shows way before they start to give them more time to force merchandise on you it is hard to tell kids no when they are having flashing lights etc waved in front of them. the whole place needs to concentrate more on being great disney experience than a merchandising exercise more merchandise would sell its self if the experience was improved and above you are also paying a large entrance fee as well . come on Disney sort it out.We've been going to Disneyworld and Disneyland for years. We found ourselves with a free day from a weeks vacation in Paris so we decided to check out Disney Paris. I would advise anyone who has been to either of the other parks to skip this. Overpriced. Small. Worst of all, dirty and the attractions are not well kept. One attraction, an Alice in Wonderland maze, was so filthy, we walked through it in astonishment. Definitely not up to Disney standards. We lodged a complaint when we got home and were told that the park is not wholly owned by Disney, in fact they hold a minority stake and thus the reason it's  unDisney  like. That's changing though. I read that Disney purchased more of the shares and will soon own the park. I would guess things will change. Until then, avoid it. Enjoy Paris instead.I booked four nights and five days at Disneyland Paris. We have visited Disney World in Florida, and thought a quick break at Disneyland Paris might be fun. Unfortunately, the staff are rude and unhelpful, customer satisfaction is not a priority, and somehow it seems that all the enjoyment has been sucked out.The place is wickedly expensive, which I sort of expected, but I thought food and drink would be OK for the price tag. Unfortunately, you generally get really poor quality for the high price tag, and you are left feeling ripped off everywhere.Really disappointed with poor attitudes from Disney staff. Did not really like it there, will not go back.Really? Where is the disney spirit? The cast members are rude and don't speak english. They don't even great the guests. If trash is on the floor, they leave it there. There is dirt everywhere. I wonder if the cast members ever learned the disney service basics. Where are the managers? If you want to go to a Disney Park, save your money and go to WDW Orlando!i booked a three day package to stay in the Disney New York hotel for two nights, which includes three day park ticket for myself, my husband and two children (10 and 12).I decided to stay in a Disney hotel as the adverts clearly stated that you got access to the parks before the general public and I thought the extra cost would be worth avoiding the queues for at least some of the bigger rides.. BEWARE. Only the Magic Kingdom was opened early (NOT Disney Studios) and non of the large rides are open.. In fact, I was not aware of any of the rides being open, although with children older than toddlers, we did not check the Tea cups or dumbo ride. Truly disappointing!We also had food included and this too was very disappointing. The restaurants seemed ok when we first arrived, but following almost 30 minutes of waiting to be served (even a drink), we soon realised that it would be over an hour before we would eat. I would however say that the ratatouille restaurant was worth a visit, by far the best service and perhaps the better food.. All of the food is mass catered so don't expect much regardless of the restaurant name (I.e planet Hollywood).The hotels are very simple but New York is a great location (it will however take you a minimum of half an hour to check in, and that is with no queue.. No obvious reason why). The whole experience was so poor in the end, we did not bother using our 3rd days ticket. It is such a miserable place, the staff look depressed and even when we wanted to get our photos taken, the photographer on one of the rides was too busy on her phone to bother (unusual for theme park to not try and sell photos)... Everything is dated and just plain miserable, even the Rats!!... Yep, real rats, running around at dusk.. Although the sight of these were perhaps the highlight of this trip for me..as they looked like they were having more fun than anyone working there.. I guess I expected something similar to America.. You certainly can't compare!! This was my third time to this park since it first opened and it has progressively got worse...I will never go back again!! We bought a 4 days for the price of 3 ticket but feel we didn't need that long as we had had enough after 2 days really. Being half term we did expect it to be busy but the queues were very long particularly the 'thrill' rides. Although these usually had fast passes you had to wait a long time to use these and for certain rides could only go once eg Ratatouille or wait over 60 minutes to go again. I was particularly disappointed with the princess pavilion my daughter and I queued for 75minutes to see ONE princess. They also forgot to ask if we had met any before so we were put in the line for Cinderella. When I realised that was it, I complained, initially I was told this was my fault but eventually the person at the front realised their mistake and we met Ariel. My daughter was disappointed because Cinderella (who we had met at the Auberge for dinner) had led us to believe that we would see Belle at the Pavilion. I Could not believe you only saw one princess. Having been fortunate enough to have been to Disney in the US when we lined up to see the characters in Epcot there were 5  to see. There were also many more encounters within the parks without the painful wait. We too disliked the number of smokers within the park that had no regard for children non smokers. We took our own food and drink in which did save us some money entry was enough!! We bought popcorn at great expense!Have to agree with comments about the condition we too noted various cars in rides that were not in use and this surely prolonged the wait times. Regarding baby swap  this seems to cater for families of 4 not 5 or more. If the parent who was looking after the baby or child too small for a certain ride then wished a turn they had to chose between the child they travelled with rather than go as a unit like the other parent had before. This led to arguments between the children who were both keen to go again. Did enjoy the fireworks but agree these should be done earlier. We went on Halloween when the park closed at 7pm so they were 20 minutes before and our 5y old could watch which was great. Otherwise they were at 9.40 which is just too late. Another note for any uk visitors the prices in uk disney store for many of the items eg frozen are cheaper with current exchange rateHave just spent 4 days here with my 9 year old daughter and while she had a great time, I'm shocked that Disneyland Paris can get away with charging as much as it does but delivering so little. On initial inspection, the park looks similar to its American cousins, albeit a smaller version but the similarities end there. The staff are sullen, bordering on rude at times. Bathroom facilities were frequently dirty and smelt bad. Rides are often down due to  technical difficulties , this happened 5 times during our stay! And don't get me started on the Hotel New York where we stayed! We've been to the Disney parks in Orlando and California   and I guess we'll be going back there next time we want a Disney fix!Food and beverages in the parks was very overpriced. Doesn't encourage people to return when they feel they are being ripped off.If you've been to Disney World or Disneyland in the US, you're in for a huge let down. My husband & I went with another couple while vacationing in Europe. My good friend is a self appointed Disney  Freak . She loves everything Disney and said,  I'm glad I went to see it, but I don't ever have to go back nor do I want to.  Here's why (from all of us): 1. They allow smoking in the park. If you're from the US where cigarette smoking is widely banned (and is decreasing overall), this is a huge issue. I'm allergic to smoke and it was everywhere. 2. The park seemed distressed   not in tip top shape. We saw pavers that had grout missing or they were poorly fixed. We saw dead plants & wood rot on some of the buildings. Cigarette butts all over the ground and even trash on the ground. This is very atypical for a Disney Property. The rides were very jumpy jerky (like Peter Pan) and they even stopped several times during the rides. We felt the overall maintenance of the park was lacking. 3. Shops and rides closed at 6pm even when the big light show wasn't going on until 8pm. We saved the Christmas shop at the castle for last and it was closed for the light show when we got there at 6. The ice cream shop on Main St was closed, too. The main tchotchke stores were open, but were terribly crowded because nothing else seemed to be open in the Main St. area. 4. Not all the products for sale   like the plush (stuffed animals) were embossed with the Disney Paris logo. Not a huge deal, but we wanted to purchase some stuffed animals for some of our family. I'm not going to buy a very expensive plush that isn't discernible from a Disney Store plush to bring home. (Could save a ton without the exchange rate, thank you very much!) We ended up bringing home cups and plates for kids...oh well. They were the only reasonable thing to bring home with  Disneyland Paris  on them. 5. Very expensive. The Disneyland hotels were ridiculously overpriced. And with the free bus to the park from other area hotels, not worth it. We stayed at another property and it was fine. 6. Not very clean   restrooms were definitely not as nice as the ones in WDW Orlando. 7. Most of the staff were friendly, but did not encounter the  magical happiness  that is seen at the other parks. 8. Just an observation, but it did affect our overall thoughts: The other guests were rude and would jump in front of you if you gave them the chance. This is more of a cultural thing, but we did notice that people would grab a spot right in front of you to view a parade if there was a 1 2 inch of space. (I'm short and having a 6' tall male stand in front of me when we had found the perfect spot was not fun.) And they didn't seem to care at all. Others would just jump in the lines in front of you. The staff seemed ill equipped or unwilling to deal with it when it happened right in front of them   which was often. We decided to not let it ruin our fun, but it was an interesting observation. I'll take the polite queuing in the US parks. Other complaints I saw on TripAdvisor were the long wait times. We did not encounter this. I'm not sure if we're just used to the wait times at WDW in Orlando, but the longest line was about 20 minutes (and that was for the coasters & Ratatouille in Hollywood Studios). Most of the rides we were able to jump right on. (Visited on a Friday in October.) We did get a Fast Pass for Peter Pan. For some reason, that ride always has the longest wait time. And a positive: The parades and light show were amazing. Very well done and up to the high Disney standards we expected to see. Overall, I'm glad we got to visit. But, none of us have any desire to visit again.Yes I like to think I'm one of Disney's biggest fans and I was so looking forward to our visit to Paris Disney this year. I have been lucky enough to go to all Disney Parks except Tokyo. And this was our 3rd visit to Paris Disney. So I think you can trust my review to be honest. Paris Disney just wasn't magic this time. Why?* It is so over priced   a family of 5 costs a small fortune And when you've spent a small fortune you want some value for your money (which we didn't get)* It is rare to spot any Disney Characters. Over 2 days, apart from the parade, we only saw one character   Minnie. My daughter had to line for ages to meet her. We kept our eyes out for more characters but they weren't around. My poor boys didn't get to meet any of their favourite characters. The characters are in the parades, so I don't know why they cant be in the park at other times.* The staff don't make you feel like you are in a magical place. They are grumpy, rude and look like they don't want to be there. We got yelled at in French a few times when we didn't understand their instructions.*It wasn't peak time, it was mid week and raining on and off when we visited. But the lines were so long for everything. It was like they weren't loading and off loading the rides effectively. Or they just didn't care.* Many of the rides stopped and started throughout the ride ruining the experience. I'm sure this was due to staffing issues as sometimes they only had one person letting people in, checking them and loading. So if there was an issue they would have to pause the ride and deal with it.* Most the rides and multiple lands were shut around 6pm leaving 2 hours before the night show to do nothing much. We deliberately left certain things to do around dinner time and couldn't as they had shut early.* Most the restaurants, snack places etc were shut. Leaving barely anywhere to eat and ruining the atmosphere.*There are no live shows   which we have seen at other parks* For a place full of kids there is so much smoking. No one enforces smoking areas and you need to be prepared to suck in a lot of second hand smoke.What saved the experience was the night time laser firework show. It was absolutely amazing, clever and magical. But you need to get a spot up front early or you will only see snippets of it through a million IPads  Phones and children up on parents shoulders. LOL.So my advice for any Aussies wanting to go to Disney   head over to America for a proper Disney experience. I love Disney so much   so Paris Disney 2014 must of been pretty bad to leave such a sour taste in my mouth. Really sad for the brand   cause they are doing it injustice.We paid approx 80 EURO per person to visit this junkyard called euro Disney park in Paris. Firstly the money they charge is a bomb, it is still worthy if you can catch some rides, we opted to go to the Disney studios where it's a mix of some rides and some shows, to my utter surprise most of the rides we so overcrowded that they shut shop for the rides right at 11 am ( you need to take appointments for rides) inspire of we having a fast pass. They proclaim to be well organised and disciplined ( most of Europe thinks so, but far from reality), they need to restrict traffic inflow accordingly so that all who have paid money gets to enjoy the rides. The place is just another shopping mall set to gather some quick bucks from people who are carried away by the Disney branded items kept in the shops. Two rides broke down and just an announcement that we are trying to rectify and nothing came through. To me it's a sham.Well family peer pressure finally got me to go on a day visit to DLP in August.What was good: Ratatouille   we went on this ride three times via the single rider queueErm ... nothing elseGoing homeWhat was badVery very very very very crowded90 minutute queues for toddler ridesTips for parents like me ...get an visit preventing illness, and let the rest of the family go ... if you can't get out of it at least save some cash and take your own food,This was the worst experience I have ever had... Don't waste your time with it if your in paris...The service was horrendous, rude people,people smoking and highly overpriced.You can't get anything healthy there.. Disneyland California you at least got the option to have a salad or fruit...Most rides were closed and we were there in September.... It's not even cold...Don't waste your time!!!!!!I visited Disneyland Paris for two days last week with my wife, three friends and there 3 year old daughter. I had visited previously about a year and a half before. I have to be honest, nothing had changed in a year and a half and nearly all rides looked old and tacky. We all came to an opinion that Disneyland isn't worth taking kids under the age of around 8 years old too. The rides are very old and tacky. Im not sure when it was built but the idea of the aerosmith coaster seems outdated. The Monsters inc door and mike models for posing for photos were missing handles and were grubby and scratched. Armageddon was a movie that was released over a decade ago. Please get with the times. The stunt show has been going on for years now. I think it needs updating. The smaller children's rides are getting old too. We went on them as our friends 3 year old was under a meter or so high so couldn't ride on many of the rides. The anamatronics are outdated and some of them don't work anymore. The park doesn't feel magical. More of a mission. Queuing is a big problem. You queue for everything. Food, toilet, searches, entrance, exit. We also noticed some of the characters costumes looked like knock offs. (Tigger and Piglets fluorescent fur). Food prices are EXTORSIONATE! And for what you get and the lack of service. Ripped off. That's how I felt. Don't be fooled by the swanky adverts. Come on Disney its supposed to be magical.we ate in the park restaurants and most were very acceptable, having taken advantage of the meal deal and prebooked them. We didnt like that the fast pass facility was often withdrawn. The staff did not give the impression that they wanted your experience to be a good one and it was not well organisedTheres no magic to be found here unless you have small children with you. Really, dont bother.   Its small, needs an update, and the food and beverage choices are appalling and expensive.This was my 1st time and my wife's 2nd time at D L P. I went expecting to que for rides, and we did. What I did not expect was having to que for several hours with my kids to get a characters autograph as well, But then when you get to 1st place in the que and you you get told sorry the characters are going now, and your 4 year old girl is crying, then the staff say tuff, you will have to que again for a few hours I found it hard to control my anger at the staff, but I did. Or my 4 year old daughter being physically pushed out of a restaurant by D L P staff, and then for them to speak to me in a very rude manor. Well that then got my back up. The next day we qued up for Walt Disney studios. That was another disappointment, so after Lunch we headed back to the hotel. We got a little bored of if you could speak French the staff did not seem to mind you que jumping, but for anybody else it was not ok until they got challenged by the Brits who were having to que. The 2 saving graces of the trip were the staff at the New York hotel and the Evening performance at the Princes Castle. Well worth the 3 hour wait so you get a good seat to see and experience it all. Without those last 2 bits I think I would have written a formal letter to complain about it all.Visited Disneyland Paris last week, after almost 20 years, and thoroughly shocked by how shabby it has become. Perhaps Europeans who haven't visited either of the US Disney Parks don't know the difference, but it was a shock for us. It is in serious need of painting, repair of broken windows, replacement of burned out lights (some areas easily had 25% of the lights burned out, and some parts of the walk back to the parking lot after closing were totally without lights! If it was on purpose to save money or just in need up replacement, I don't know.The majority of the rides had parts that were not functioning. Also, whereas in the US there are usually 3 or more people operating a ride (e.g. Peter Pan), when we went on, the same person that was operating the controls was loading people & checking the safety bar was in place. The girl opening the doors on the Disneyland Railroad train didn't even notice that our 3 year old grandson was holding onto the door, and she almost caused him to be thrown onto the concrete platform when she opened the door. Her  apology  was  I have to move quickly . Apart from the  cast members  in costume, very few of the employees appear to enjoy their job. Very few greeted us with a smile or a  bon jour . Almost all seemed to be overworked, or just disenchanted. Sad for such a magical place. Same deception in restaurants. In general the vast majority of the employees do not appear to enjoy their job. In two separate  Fast Food  places, it took 20 minutes to get coffee, and there was only 4 people in front of me. Staff just kinda take their time, and sometimes don't even seem to know where to find what they're looking for, e.g. opening up several fridge doors each time looking for a bottle of orange juice. At times I wondered if it wasn't done on purpose.If someone at EuroDisney reads this, I would recommend that their HR staff be a bit more serious in their selection process to attempt to employ persons who smile & are friendly, and set up quality controls to ensure their staff remain friendly & efficient.Lastly we were very frustrated that even though we paid the same entry fee, many (most?) of the shows stopped 1 Sept. Entry shouldn't cost the same if services & entertainment are cut.We will not return!We visited here 6 years ago and the only thing that appears to have changed is.....they've not touched it since.The lack of investment is deafening.The Disney Dreams show at 11pm is excellent and the Disney Magic Parade still gets kids grinning from ear to ear. Our 11 year old can't remember anything about the trip we made all those years ago and it's just as well.Captain Eo   closedThe Steamboat   closedThe place adjacent to the Steamboat   closedThe food charges are criminal and the standards even worse. Take a close look and you'll spot flaking paintwork and shabby trim all over the place.The kids love it though and that's all good, but this isn't going to last forever and Disney need to act now if this park is to even begin to keep pace with their others. Instead of opening up new parks around the world, why not give Europe what it deserves and put some proper investment into this place?Oh and could you also please make an effort to advise those atrocious parents who smoke cigarettes in queues alongside children that this is entirely unacceptable? We saw no attempt to do so despite several Disney crew members obviously noticing people doing it. It'd also be nice if there was better access to the Disney characters. An hour to see Mickey Mouse, 50 minutes to see Minnie and 45 to see Winnie the Pooh and Eeyore. It isn't the times as such, but the fact that compared to 6 years ago there was a very noticeable lack of characters. We were there 4 days in total and struggled to see many more (and that was a major disappointment to our child).  374 for 4 days access for the price of 3. At least give us some improvements for the extra cost.Impressive when you walk in, but that was were it ended, wasted most of the day either walking around trying to find everything or lining up for up to 45 minutes, not impressed.Having spent four days here, the most excruciating thing is the amount of time wastes queuing with young children (3,4 and 6). One queued to meet characters as they spring up around the park, queue to go on rides that always underestimated the waiting time, queue for a painfully long time to get a meal or snack, and queue to enter the premises   security and tickets. Although we managed to take in many of the rides, features and entertainment on offer, we were left feeling exhausted at the end of each day which marred the experience for our children as we were so fractious by the end of the day! The only thing you needn't queue for is the shops. There are tons of them and what I found inexcusable is the fact that they Jack UP the prices on site. A princess dress will set you back up to    70. The UK disney stores are cheaper. Shouldn't it be that in Disneyland they ought to cost less?There are too many people entering the grounds. Disney is a greedy, corporate machine and we shall not be retiring to Disneyland Paris anytime soon. Tips: 1) take empty refillable bottles and some squash.2) get food elsewhere if you can. It's expensive, slow and not great quality on site. 3) get your kids something from your local disney store first. You'll save at least 1 3 off the price of items on site. 4) go to America. Visited on August 22. Park attractions are mostly for young children and kind of boring for teens. The lines were short for roller coaster but long for plain carousels suitable for smaller kids. But who have the patience to stay in line for 40 60 min holding the toddler? No characters walking through the park! The dream of my oldest child was to have a photo with Mickey mouse, but we couldn't find any. We say Peter Pan running through the park, like he was chased by someone... Captain Hook maybe. Big Thunder Mountain just closed at 6 for reason unknown. Those who waited for 40 min were really disappointed... The park is opened til 11pm, but restaurants are working till 4:30 5pm. Seriously? We didn't want to wait for 2 hours in line for food, so we came to eat around 4pm. After us the restaurant closed!The 'magic' show with fireworks is at closing time: 11pm. Around 6 it started raining, there are not so much places to hide from rain, so we just left. Still, even if it was sunny, after long day, who ( and i mean kids) have energies to stay till 11pm for the show? Why not at 9 at the sunset, or 10 pm?Bottom line: after being in Legoland, Gardaland, Europa Park, Efteling over last 4 years, DisneyLand Park is the most expensive and the most outdated, overcrowded, non attractive place to visitTravelled with my husband and two boys (11 and 8) and while we can now tick it off the list of life experiences, we would never go back. Ok it was August so it was going to be busy, but it was way too over crowded. Even walking round was a nightmare   there were just too many people admitted! Queues were long and boring. No attempt to keep kids entertained   what about video screens in the queuing area showing Disney films? The number of parents I heard having to keep arguing bored kids apart while waiting for rides   it made me feel relieved it wasn't just mine! Yes, we did Fast Pass, but as you get a time slot a couple of hours in advance and can only hold one at a time, it doesn't really help. The rides are great. The night time firework display was impressive. However the only characters we saw in a full 13 hour visit were in the tea time parade   where are the roaming ones from the glossy tv ads? Apparently to meet them you need to queue in a two hour meet and greet venue. Food of course is hugely overpriced and of poor quality, but that was only to be expected from a captive audience.I'd say we enjoyed the Studios more and the motor stunt show was well worth seeing. It was an ok day but never to be repeated.Having been to Walt Disney World in Florida twice I was expecting a similar experience at Disney World Paris....The Only Magic I saw was the total disappearance of everything that was Disney Magic in Florida compared to Paris. The staff were miserable and whilst I don't expect that to give me a smile In Florida the Kids are treated like royalty and made to feel like its the best place on earth...I think the manual was thrown out for this bunch of employees.Next Issue, the food, We visited on Good Friday and yet most places only seemed to have half the number of servers, 30 minutes in a queue just to order your meal then watch 30 cooks fall over themselves for another 25 minutes was laughable. Fast Food it was not....Burgers and chips which took an hour to order and cook!!!Most of the attractions seem dated and tatty, looks like investment in the Park is non existent.We stopped mid afternoon to get some refreshment at one of the restaurants.and my wife was told by some teenager that no pushchairs were allowed and would need to be left outside....so again Putting children 1st was thrown out the window for the common sense that was er, my son is 13 months old ......oh and hes asleep as you can clearly see.....It might be a cultural thing nowadays to leave kids outside a Restaurant why the parents eat inside but i would call it bad parenting. Suffice to say we just ignored her request and found a spot where we were not in anyone's way...But the final nail in the coffin for me... SMOKING. How the hell does Disney even see allowing smoking in its Park's which are aimed at young children as being acceptable. They have smoking zones in the park, but people pay zero attention to them and no one was enforcing it from the Disney staff side. Shocking!!On the whole really disappointed in the difference between Florida and Paris the Brand has been let down by Paris and is staff.Even though had a fab time the park is dirty and very expensive. Everyone smokes in the q's and the time of the q's is ridiculous. It needs a good lick of paint and the staff were not very friendly. Our frustration is that you would be queing for ages and then people would just jump the q's and no one said anything!!!!! We enjoyed the studios but again needs modernisation as disney films and characters have now moved on .The shows in the studios were good. we paid a fortune so if honest save that bit extra and go to Florida.It's hard when you've Florida to go to Euro Disney afterwards and be impressed.The hotel and rollercoaster are very good, particularly the hotel, and the star attraction is the driving stunts with live filing and playback.The film tour has the same ride as Disney studios which is good. but much smaller and slghtly underwhelming. The Armageddon experience is lame.As for the food, it was literally disgusting. Again, all in direct contrast to Florida.My two teenagers love theme parks, but Alton Towers is near their grandparents' house and has much better rides.If you can save the money to go to Florida, it is well worth it.great for girls with less than 8 years old and still likes princess. most of the attractions are becaming old, no 3D, be ready to wait between 60 and 75 minutes to access the main attratctions. food is all fast food, is almost impossible to find fresh fruit for kids, so bring your own food if you want to avoid trash food. again, mostly for princess :)Hi, I have just returned from DLP. After several trips to WDW Florida we were so disappointed in the way the DLP Parks are run. The magic feeling in WDW Florida is fantastic yet nothing here compares. Rude staff which can be dealt with and rude guests which can't be helped but could be managed better. Rides continuously breaking down or running half empty but with long queues. A couple of examples, we queued for an hour to get a reservation ticket to meet a princess and then had to queue for another hour in our 'reservation' slot to meet one princess. In Florida you join one queue and meet several princesses. We were standing in the Aerosmith rollercoaster queue when CM's walked along asking who speaks French, if you spoke French you were informed the ride had broken down if you didn't you were left standing there. This happened almost first thing every morning of our stay. At the princess lunch three princesses were in the restaurant and after over one and a half hours we met only one with the other two staying in a different part of the restaurant. One very unhappy 9 year old!20 minutes standing at a till whilst the guy worked out what to do with our vouchers to get 3 drinks, 2 cakes and a Magnum. No help from any manager who was completely uninterested.Wait times are not a true representation. Displayed wait time at the Back Lot tour was 15mins we were over an hour missing our Ratatouille fast pass slot. This made it very difficult to plan our day.It took 40 mins to get a fast pass for thunder mountain as 2 machines were not working properly and guests were helping the CM reload one machine with tickets. In hindsight it would have been quicker to join the ride queue, fast it was not! We also witnessed 2 cast members arguing hammer and tong in front of the entire ride queue on dumbos flying elephants. Not very Disney.Such a shame as the rides were fantastic when you did get on them and the parade and fireworks were great, it just feels a bit 'carry on disney' which destroyed the magic for us. Maybe some additional toilet cleaning staff wouldn't go a miss either. Some of the toilets were so filthy we couldn't use them. Tinkerbell needs to sprinkle some fairy dust over DLP!! And a lick of paint wouldn't hurt.I know this shouldn't be compared to WDW Florida but it's very difficult not to. I would say don't let DLP put you off WDW Florida as they are worlds apart. Save for longer and get the real Disney feeling in WDW Florida.Have to say that we last did Disney ten years ago and then we were highly impressed, however it would seem that little has changed since our last visit, apart from the price increase and the site starting to look a little shabby and tired. Not much by way of change in that time. The electronic ticket booths for collection of tickets ordered online didn't work, and so after queuing once already to use it, we were then forced to go and join yet another huge queue to get tickets that we have booked and paid for months in advance. For the price I would have expected the ticket machine at least to work.The biggest disappointment, however, was the attitude of the staff, with some of them struggling to crack a smile. Long gone is the Disney positive sunny attitude, and to be frank the attitude and appearance of some of the staff was appalling. Really sad as this used to be a great resort. On one of the days we visited, we queued for one of the rides only for it to be closed for the day as we were about to board. Safety first is fair enough, but a massive waste of time. The toilets were absolutely rank with many of them not working and the stench was horrendous. The queues at times were completely meaningless as entire families jumped from lane to lane. All just leaves an unsavoury taste behind.If you still fancy going, bring your own food, as the focus is on overpriced junk food. For the same price, we packed a gourmet picnic with change left over.That said on the positive side, the rides we went on were great fun, but all in, I think I would rather have spent the day at Alton Towers. The little one enjoyed it though which is just as well as it was her birthday treat. Have to say I was totally underwhelmed! One day might give Florida a bash, but I'm done with Disney for now!If you have read my previous review of this place you will know that I am not it's number 1 fan. however, when you have 3 kids you sometimes have to bite the bullet and return to hell. Anyway, upon arrival you are greeted by a cheery person who relieves you of 15 euros for the priviledge of parking. Now we pre booked our tickets (it still cost   230 for one day for 2 adults, a 15 year old, a five and a 4 year old) and I was glad I did because the gate prices are staggeringly expensive (over   70 per adult for a day!!!). Admission was quite smooth and so the fun began. I will say that it was much quieter than ever before and the queue times were actually not too bad (apart from dumbo ride and thunder mountain where we waited for an hour only to be told that the ride had broken down.......arrrgghhh). What was very evidant is that it is begining to look a little rough around the edges and I noticed litter all over the place...not good!! We took our own food in as food prices in the parks are crazy and the food is rubbish. We watched the parade which now only happens once a day and went over to the studios. I will say that I liked the new Toy Story land which had lots of nice rides for the little ones but the owners need to pay attention to the older areas and give them some attention.Lastly the shops...................the horrid, samey, overpriced shops full of horrid, rude, ignorrant people who seem to have never heard of a queue. Rant over. If you don't like being ripped off don't go here, go to Asterix instead.Just come home from a Months holiday in France, 3 weeks in the Dordogne and 1 week in Paris, 2 days of which were spent at Disneyland...the kids loved it, the rides that they got on were good and they loved the parade and the show at 11 pm which you have GOT to stay for no matter how tired you are....BUT....there was no Disney magic feeling, no WOW factor AT ALL...it felt like a glorified Butlins...it's shabby, it's tired, the French people are not very engaging, I knew this anyway from holidaying annually in France, they're not the friendliest of people...BUT THIS IS DISNEYLAND!!!!....I haven't been to Florida and I know the Americans do everything big style and everyone I know raves about Florida returning year in year out for their main holiday but if I'd used Paris to get a feel for the Florida one there is NO WAY I would spend thousands of pounds and 9 hours on a plane for that experience, but I know it won't be like that so it hasn't put me off, it's just disappointed me. They didn't wear their uniforms with pride or big smiles on their faces, greeting you with a spring in their step, which I can imagine the Americans will do and that might get a bit tiresome but I would rather that than nothing at all, the staff just seemed to be doing a job. The parade was good, but there was no Wall E float or Ratattouille float either like I've seen on some of the pictures. When you're queuing with young children for up to 1 hour 20 minutes for a ride, what's wrong with having some screens up and playing some disney films?? The Caf  s are shabby, the staff aren't helpful, we needed extra chairs and were told there weren't any, no bending over backwards to go get some and they'd run out of the food we wanted! A few of the rides were broken. The pavements are cracked, the handrails are scruffy, there was no soap in the dispensers in the toilets and they were swimming with water, we were paddling with no sign of anyone with a mop! Where do I stop?! I can't even say it's got potential to be like Florida either because it's the people that you need and the atmosphere they create. We've had a great holiday but I must be honest and say that Disneyland Paris was the biggest disappointment I've had for a long time. It's a theme park with a Disney tag....i won't rush back...think seriously about waiting another year or two and saving some more pounds to go and get the proper Disney magic in America because you DEFINATELY won't get it from the French...Three days in eurodisney in august was going to be busy. The lines were going to be long but I was surprised about the whole attitude of the place. Miserable staff who didn't interact with children other than to say their favourite Disney character was going on a break despite us standing in the queue for half an hour. The main attraction in frontier world was shut for a month   a month of the school holidays no less! Children queuing for over an hour for rides but no attempt to entertain them by the very thin on the ground Disney characters. They sold Disney straws that fit on bottles on every corner but I saw parent after parent struggle with this as they didn't fit any bottle that was sold in the park. Overall my son enjoyed it but I feel let down and ripped off. The infrastructure of the park was fantastic. American main street beautiful but the staff were hostile, unhelpful and seemed to contradict the ethos of the whole idea. Won't be going again. Entrance fee:    88 on the day we paid (  106 per person for 2 days so pleased with that) the rides are not bad, recommend space mountain, thunder mountain and Indiana jones in disneyland and the best two we had time for in the studios were the tower of terror (great fun and finally with some staff who were involved and made it special) and the Aerosmith rock and roll coaster again great fun and probably the most I have enjoyed a roller coaster especially with the rock music.What we learned: pre buy tickets at the cheapest price you can find, use the fast track tickets, they are free and mean you can see other stuff while queuing but be careful the queue once you use fast track can be the same length as the normal queue if it is short. Teenagers and adults we thought the studio was better for us. Don't eat in the park it is stupidly expensive and poor quality. Expect to pay an extra    15 to park each day (what a rip off). Expect to walk everywhere the train is slow and more of a gentle ride than transport and has queues with no fast track. 4 rides were closed when we were there (school holidays in August !!) as were many food stalls and restaurants and all these opened later on. Staff are generally not involved and don't enter into the spirit with some notable exceptions being one of the train drivers and the tower of terror team, but most come across as grumpy or uninterested. Several buildings were covered in scaffolding which ruins the atmosphere. Take rain wear as some of the queues are outside as is most of disneyland.To sum up we are glad we went but were left feeling ripped off by the prices and disappointed by the lack of effort. Considering the cost it might be better to save the money and put it towards a trip to disneyland Florida We spent 6 days at Disneyland Paris, and I can safely say we won't be doing it again. If you've been to the Magic Kingdom in Orlando then just forget Disneyland Paris exists. It's like an Alton Towers theme park but in France with 'cast members' who could not care less whether you have a nice time or not. I got shouted at by one cast member and we lost count of the number of cast members who were rude or looked like they were waiting for their shift to finish. The cast members dressed up as characters were good though   they must have earned their wings at the Disney University! Toilets   they were a disgrace every single time, and when you have small children you certainly visit them frequently! Toilet paper on the floor, no paper in the holders, unflushed toilets, wet floors, and even a used sanitary product on one floor   yuck, yuck, yuck! The ladies toilets in the Plaza Gardens restaurant smelt worse than a tower block lift!Smoking   everywhere we went, even in the queues for the rides, there was smokers blowing smoke in our direction and even in our faces, not to mention the cigarettes were held at small child height. Hence why the paths are littered in cigarette ends, add this to people dropping litter and it certainly does not reach the cleanliness we have seen in a lot of other Disney parks.We walked out of the Disneyhotel towards the nearest turnstiles to enquire whether we could enter there or had to walk around to which a young male cast member just looked at us, tutted and said  It says exit up there!  and turned his back. What is wrong with  Sorry Sir, you can't enter here, but if you walk around the corner in that direction they will be able to help you. ??? I was shouted at in the 'glass' shop because I wanted to pay for some rather expensive items but apparently I was at the wrong till, but there was no one at the other till.  You must go there!  the supervisor shouted at me (even though the young man had rung some items on the till) and placed the items back in my hands. The supervisor then started tutting under his breath and saying to the young assistant that people should use the correct till whilst he got his key to void the items on the till. What is wrong with  Very sorry Madam, you cannot use this till, but I will take them over there for you to pay ??? They were lucky I still bought them after I took a deep breath and resisted the urge to place them back down on his counter and walk out!Rides   kept pausing breaking down. In Phantom Manor the ride stopped 6 times   son was fed up! Thunder Mountain   we hardly saw going. Some rides looking dated and not that clean. Character meets   be prepared to queue or pay for it, and even when you do pay for it in the Disneyland park don't expect fab service (Dinner at Auberge du Cendrillon). We started to queue for our daughter to see Rapunzel, after an hour the queue had hardly moved. The cast member managing the queue then informed us that from where we were in the queue we would have a 3 hour wait! What? To meet a girl in a special dress? No way! I then noticed that there were in fact 2 queues, one for wheelchair users which were given priority and the other queue had to just slot in here and there. And as for the Princesses in the Princess Pavilion you had to queue to book a slot to see them and then then queue when turning up at your time slot. We didn't bother!There were fleeting glimpses of Disney magic   daughter's 'Princess for a day' make over was priceless, said daughter getting blown a kiss from Snow White on the Parade, the fabulous Disney Dreams light and firework show, and the waiter we had in the Silver Spur Steakhouse was lovely, very 'Disney' in his chattiness, but if we want some 'Disney magic' in the future we'll go back to America.There was various scaffolding in places, and diggers at the front entrance. Some Disney themed screens would have been nicer to hide the works going on.Come on Disney   sort it out! Spend some money on it, employ more staff and train them in the art of customer service!I visited this park with my wife and two children, aged 8 and 13. The visit was almost a disaster. Terrible crowds, waiting times to any attraction of interest of more than an hour, overpriced food (7 to 10 Euro for a small sandwich), attractions voluntarily closed for  technical reasons  without any advance notice.The attractions themselves are reasonably good but the park infrastructure fails to deal with the visiting crowds.Any visit to the park requires thorough planning in order to avoid major disappointment.Disney   happy ever afters, smile, magic, laughter.......not at Disneyland Paris.Staff are ignorant, rude and haven't a clue how to smile. We visited both parks over two days, queues as you would expect were long, fast pass was a joke, you had to queue for the fast pass ticket, then queue again to ride, we didn't bother with them in the end and just queued anyway. Food was ok. Bit expensive, but so is the rest of the Paris area.No characters walking round, parade was good but very short! It was missing something!! The Disney magic!!! Like ourselves if you have visited Disney in Florida, then don't go to Paris. No comparison at all. You will be disappointed! We end up our holidays in Paris with a one day in Disneyland, that was a gross amount of our budget. We realized ticket entrance is more expensive(65   ) if you are not on the frenxh website(55   )!Disney is dissapointing. It's old and attractions hasn't been reniewed with actual technology.but don't expect to find great attractions (average 1hour waiting for 2 3minutes attraction), go to feel traditional vintage pictures and fairytale atmosphere from Disney. They should put more characters walking around the park (no seen Daisy for my daughter) to make pictures with. There are only few and long queues for a pic.More enchanting animation needed and less shops and money takers. The innocence spirit is gone...and staff motivation as well...Overpriced,but still a must go.I was last here 12 years ago. It hasn't changed! Well apart from the unclean water and the general washed out feeling this park has. Needs money spent on it! The rides are so so old hat. It's crying out for a face lift! Even speaking to some of the staff who could be bothered to speak with you said it's awful! I must check out the French park next time around...Asterix. You don't see any of the Disney characters walking around has you once did. Apparently they hang around the mega expensive Disney hotel and await to be paid 60 euros for kids to have tea with them! The wait to get on rides is completely terrible. Young kids baking in the sun with no cover. Also...not many staff on hand. Honestly........if this park didn't have the Disney name you wouldn't give it a second look. Just save your money and take the kids elsewhere! We will not be returning unless things dramatically change!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's a shame to write this but the terrible service by half the staff at Disney Paris really spoilt my recent trip there. Some were ok but the vast majority were unhelpful, rude, and very unwilling to speak English. Save yourself the trouble definitely goto Disney La or Florida, the states do Disney as it was meant to be. Big mistake putting Disney in Paris should have been the Uk.We visited Disneyland Paris in July 2014 with our two children aged 2y o and 5y o. I can honestly say, that our boys would have more fun at a good swing park, we arrived at 11am and by 3pm had seen everything, we had an Access Pass to get on rides quicker, but our boys were either too young or too small, but apart from that it just didn't excite them. The only time they got excited was when we visited the Disney store on site and they could pick some toys we hadn't seen before, but even these broke within 24hrs and we are currently waiting for Disney to reply to our email of complaint (which by the way has taken us over 3 days just to get the correct email address from them). Honestly, if you want to experience Disney, go to the states, we didn't even see any characters, I spotted one of the Disney Princess characters about 60ft away, but she was desperate to get out of the way, she wasn't even stopping for photos with young girls eager to meet her, parents were running ahead of her to try and get a photo of her as she walked towards them, I could see the disappointment on so many faces...just shocking. We decided to dine at one of the onsite restaurants, which only served fast food, similar to McDonalds really, I bought two chicken sandwich meals and two children's chicken nugget meals, I also bought two Mickey Mouse straws for the boys...it cost 56 euros, we then had to sit and watch some budget dance show which was like watching dancers that weren't quite good enough for BGT. I will never return to this place, just an overrated Disney world copy and like any copy, it's just not as good!We took our 5 year old niece to euro disney last week. They let us pay 11 euros for an autograph book and pen knowing only 2 characters were in the park that day. Then we paid   25 euros for 3 ponchos, the toilets were so disgusting that our niece wet herself and the only pair of trousers we could buy were 20 euros and then lunch was 35 euros. a total waste of money!Excellent day out marred only by the park's non observance of its own No Smoking Policy. This clearly states that smoking is only permitted in a few designated areas, yet people were openly smoking in the caf  s as well as elsewhere. When I asked a lady on the table next to me at an ice cream parlour to extinguish her cigarette, as we had children with us (as did others), she briefly agreed before taking it up with a member of staff who told her it was fine to smoke there. I raised this with the member of staff who claimed ignorance of the park's stated policy.I have tried to raise this with the park management via the feedback form on their website, but this does not work as it will not accept UK postcodes for some reason.I have emailed the Disneyland Paris webmaster twice to ask them to fix the website and pass my complaint on to the appropriate department, and nobody has yet responded or acknowledged my message.Up till now my many experiences of Disney (in Paris, Florida and LA), its efficiency and customer service have been excellent. I am very sad to have to revise my opinion.Stephen MaddockCurrently on holiday at Eurodisney. Have been to Disney in Florida numerous times, although extremely busy in high season the USA staff are courteous, friendly and efficient. Eurodisney is pleasant and spotless. But Oh! The service! There are practically no guides or attendants to assist you. And don't even think of trying to eat between noon and 3pm. We stood in line for fast food fare for one hour, we then stood at the counter for another fifteen minutes, we then fought for a table for a further fifteen minutes! I know that a Disney visit entails a lot of waiting in line but having to spend 90 minutes to get a fast food burger and fries is unacceptable. On informing the staff of the problem they shrugged their shoulders and basically did not care. Take a tip from me: Pay the little extra and go to the real Disney where the staff will treat you like a guest, not a pariah!Disney hotel is very worn, long queues at all the attractions, and all the serving places, acidic or indifferent service staff, and much construction mess, not a place I would recommend to othersThis will be our last visit to the Disney resort in Paris, we have visited seven times since 1992 when the park opened, but never again. There has been no scheme of reinvestment, the pathways are cracked, attractions lay dormant, weeds grow over disused areas, things are rusting away, paint is worn down to the metal, the whole place is just a sorry shadow of its former self. We were disappointed to find that parades have been cancelled never to return, the scheduled times for characters to appear were more like guidelines and regularly they just never show. Rides break down regularly, the ride cars are tired and need repainting, the queue lines have graffiti in them. I am sorry to say the magic has gone. My five year old daughter asked many questions about why things were damaged, broken, overgrown, dirty and so on and asked why they weren't being fixed. What should I tell her? if she can spot it at her age, things must be bad. Price for a one day hopper ticket for 4 was $550.00 U.S. dollars.Lines were 45 minutes long for a 30 second attraction. Many rides not in service. Staff was rude, apathetic.No typical Disney parades throughout the day. Fireworks show in the evening was something you might see at a typical summer amusement park, not what you would expect from Disney. Fast pass machines mostly did not work, and if you did get a fast pass, you were likely waiting with the regular line anyway. Pointless! Food options were very limited, and lines for food were long and slow moving. Bathrooms monitored by male attendants   female bathrooms!!!!! Having been to Disney in both Florida and California as well, this park does not even fall into the same league. Go to Florida Disney. You will notbe disappointed! Surprised that Disney allows its name to be applied to this park!Great marketing & image but once you get there, they've got you and there's nothing you can do about it. 2 hours queue to check in and get some information, another 1 hour to grab some lunch, another hour for the first attraction which turned out to have a technical problem! Basically our first day started at 11am and by 8pm, we had hardly done anything.You basically spend 95% of your time queuing for everything (attractions, drinks, food, information, everything!), everything costs a small fortune, and many attractions have technical problems.The  standard FastPass  is useless as you spend more time getting a booking than actually getting there. By 4pm, most attractions have sold off their FastPass and you just have to queue like everybody else. Staff is absolutely not helpful, you won't see a single character around.Had I been able to negociate a refund on my first day (for the hotel booking), I would have headed back to Paris same day! They rip you off and there's nothing you can do about it. And they just don't give a damn.We queued for hours for food just to be served, then each time the food was expensive and poor quality. Worst of all, we queued for 50mins for one ride, to be told it had been shut down... we walked away and 10mins later the ride reopened. Then we were queuing for a ride for over an hour, we got to the boarding point and my son who is Dyspraxic panicked and didn't know if he could go on the ride, he was told to leave the area. We tried to explain the situation however we were dismissed with a wave of a hand. Once he had composed himself, 2mins later, we asked to go on the ride, to be told that we had to re queue... A LOT of money and extremely poor service. It was hell!First off I must admit I am used to Disneyland in California. Euro Disneyland a.k.a. Paris I found this Disneyland to be quite a disappointment. It is small, compared to the one in California really small. And while I knew that going in, I was still psyched and excited. The disappointment isn't in the size, it's in the substantial lack of rides. Toon Town seems to have a lot, but no where else. The Indiana Jones rides only connection to the movies was in the name of the ride. It's just a roller coaster and doesn't have the fun distractions of following through with the theme. We got a hopper pass so we had admission to Disney Studios part too. That was even less entertaining. For us, 2 adults and a teenager, a hopper pass was just a waste of money.Overall, there are just a few rides and really not worth the price of admission. We spent over 200 euro for the three of us and did all we found interesting in less then 2 1 2 hours. There are a few sit down and be served restaurants, but if you don't make a reservation in advance you won't get in. Also, several of the little food stands were closed when we were there.Fresh views from today.This was the 3rd time I've been here but 1st with the kids.  1st stop   Space Mountain   closed.  Something simple then Phantom Manor   broke down FOUR times mid ride.   Food   most places shut (on 1 July) but park crowded so huge queues. Even the kiosks that were open were not fully stocked. We weren't going to wait in a 45 min line for a tiny expensive pizza so went hungry. Got the kids some fries just before we got on the RER from a place outside the park entrance.   Fantasyland overcrowded. Fast Track for Peter Pan at 12.15pm was a 7pm entry ! Seven hours ?? really ?? We skipped it. This place used to far better.It's ageing, poorly maintained and staffed (2 characters??) and there must be better alternatives. We were at Disneyland Tokyo 18 mths ago and that was FAR more enjoyable.At least we only outlaid 39E each having bought Transilien tickets from the FNAC. Oh plus the train which is a token 7.5E for an adult for a 40 min trip. Enjoy Paris for Paris. Leave Disney for the US or Asia.Have just returned from a 3 day visit to disney and i will never be back the previous reviews about short queues here must have had there eyes closed the queuing times is beyond the joke most of which were over 45 to 60 min the fast pass queues on rides like thunder mountain were shorter but still having a 30 min wait. The park was totally chock a block you could hardly get moving with very arrogant people not caring that you walking with a buggy they just walk right in front of you and push in front.If you are thinking of going here to see the characters then i wouldn't waste your money in the 3 days at park we seen 5 characters standing in parts of the park we managed to get pic and autograph from pluto as queue was short rest of them were to long to wait in especially for a 2 year old if you wanted to see mickey you had to go to a building as he was never walking around the park and the wait time was over and hour. We found that we were able to get on some rides like small world and teacups in fantasyland around 9pm as this was when people were starting to wait at the castle to see the light show at the close of park 11pm which i must admit was the only good thing about the park however again you have very rude people that turn up 5 min before start and squeeze in front and block your view it is deinitly a must see but if staying in disney partner hotels i would suggest just skipping the shuttle bus back and walk instead as bus is manic we stayed at the kyriad and this was only a 25 min walk Disney village.The price of food and juice is extortion i thought we were dear in britian but after being here our prices are nothing.3.19 euro for bottle of juice but if you go to rainforest cafe shop there it is 2.50 euro or 2 for 4 euro. There is also a shop in the train station that is a bit better prices.Also if you are a smoker take them with you we were over 8 euro for 20.For being a tourist attraction that has been open for over 20 years you would think the standards and service would be better the staff can hardly understand or speak English, the toilets in the park are disgusting filthy and stinking.I wish i just saved a bit more and went to Florida instead I went before when younger and loved it i just chose to go to dlp as daughter is only 2 and thought with it being smaller and shorter journey wold have been better biggest mistake of my life.The  Thill  rides were closed.Space Mountain etc. Check by ringing the Disney Park before you go. We have been to Disney Land Florida which is excellent. The Paris one doesnt compare at all. Not worth the money or the visit if you have kids over 7 I had wanted to take my daughter to Disney for some time as she loves the Disney Princesses but didn't want to go to America just yet as she is only 4 and I know the parks in America are huge. So we decided to tag a 3 day visit to Disneyland Paris to the end of a 10 day trip to the Dordogne.This was our last opportunity to go during term time as my daughter starts school in Sept so I thought we would take advantage of term time prices   I don't think there is such a thing, or if there is I don't even want to think how much more it would cost.Considering we went in June, the cost of this trip was ridiculous, but I put that aside believing it was going to be a magical experience and it would all be worth it to see the characters and my daughters face when she met a princess. To put it in perspective it cost us significantly more to spend 3 days in self catering accommodation at Disney (Davy Crockett Ranch) than it did for 10 days in the Dordogne. And it doesn't stop there, inside the park the cost of food drink is extortionate, gifts, balloons, etc are all sooo expensive   Face painting was 12 euros! I never imagined it would be cheap and I was glad we had a half board meal plan which included an afternoon snack. The queues for rides weren't too bad but the rides for younger children are pretty poor in my opinion. I got increasingly fed up with being barged and jostled by rude adults and unruly kids. I dread to think what it would be like in school holiday time. By far, the biggest disappointment for us was the lack of characters. Sure, we saw the daily parade twice and that was lovely but its not the same as getting an autograph and your photo taken with a character. We queued for 2.5 hrs to get a ticket for an 'audience with a princess' then queued for approx 1.5 hrs to actually see the princess   which lasted a minute at most. My daughters face was one of awe and she loved meeting Cinderella, even if only for a minute.We then queued for over 2 hrs to meet Micky Mouse   again lasted less than a minute. We saw a queue to meet Rapunzel and I made a decision not to queue any more as it was enormous.The advertising leads you to believe there will be characters galore to have your picture taken with but this was most definitely not the case for us. Maybe we were just incredibly unlucky but we were there for 3 days from early in the morning till gone 9pm (and later one night). The parades were good but make sure you secure a spot an hour before it starts and guard it well!The firework and light show at park closing time was amazing though spoiled by people holding up cameras phones to record it so it was difficult to actually watch.Overall my daughter enjoyed it, but I think she would have been equally happy somewhere like Alton Towers or Drayton Manor which would have cost a fraction of the amount.I sound like a right tight fisted moaner   I'm really not. I've just had my magical rose tinted Disney glasses shattered and I feel quite sad that it wasn't more memorable for my daughter. Anyone who asks her what the best bit of her holiday was, she says the swimming pool; says it all really.I should preface this review by confessing that I don't like rides and I'm not a Disney fan... but we were in Paris and my daughter really wanted to go to Disneyland. We booked tickets online in advance (an absolute necessity to prevent queuing) and arrived on a Saturday by RER. Honestly I wanted to like the experience but from the moment we arrived it was very clear that this was a retail experienced we had paid 55 euros each to enjoy! Upon clearing the gates you arrive in a town square which is really code for shopping centre. There was many stores, but most sold the same low quality, over priced goods. We found the prices very similar to Canadian prices but in Euros. For example we bought a mug that would have been $12 in the Disney store for 12 euros. We asked for a box and protective packaging which could not be provided. Based on reviews of friends and family who have visited other Disney sites I was expecting to be wowed by the cleanliness and efficiency of the operation. This was not the case. The park seemed rundown and dirty. The bathrooms were filthy and stank.I was also looking forward to some of Disney's famous guest experience provided by Crew Members. This was not in evidence. In fact, there were very few staff members that were not working retail or operating the rides. There really was not much on offer unless you were interested in rides. We did see a parade which was very manufactured, not very well choreographed and frankly uninspired. Food selections were not appealing and overpriced. We went on two rides (one line moved quickly the other one was slow) and did a lot of walking around. No one was wowed.My daughter had a nice day but she won't be bothering me to take her to Florida anymore. I had expected more from Disney. I can't understand why the brand is famous for customer service based on this experience.I can honestly say that Eurodisney is the biggest rip off ever.The first time I visited 10 years ago the prices of food and accomadation were high but not too bad as I was getting 1.50 euros to the pound.A beer in the disneyland hotel where we stayed at that time was about   4.00.....fast forward ten years and the prices in and around the park are obscene.I wll give you some examples   7.00 for a slush puppie,   10 yes a tenner! for a bucket of popcorn, hotdog and chips for four that willl set you back   40.00.As for outside the parks be prepared to spend at least   100 for a family of four not unless you want to eat mcdonalds every day...no thankyou.As for the hotel prices go rob a bank.....no wonder they have armoured trucks collecting cash 4 times a day.The park.compared to florida was tiny and thunder mountain and dumbo were both out of action but they were polite enough to leave a notice up stating  we are carrying out essential maintenance for your future enjoyment .... future enjoyment, what about my frigging enjoyment?, right here, right now!Everything in that park was a rip off seriously...from keyrings right up to there fancy dress outfits.I can only advise you this....for the cost of a 4 day break with eurostar the cost for four is approx   3500....add into that food , drinks, toys, etc you will be experty ripped of   5000... I kid you not.You would be ar better booking a holiday to florida for a bit extra and spending 2 weeks in parks that are cheaper, better, faster, bigger and a much better experience.Just one more thing make sure you have enough buggys for the kids as to hire one for a day is   15.00If you choose to ignore my review, fair do's go book it.But I guarantee you will be agreeing with me when you get there.......you have been warned!We visitied Dinseyland Paris as a school group this week and I am very disappointed that the Brand name Dinsey lends its name to this park.June would be considered high season and high season prices are in place and yet sadly alot of places within the park were shut. (Cafes, rides and play areas) I noticed that shops were open, but sadly even there it was expeceted for the visitors to queue for up to ten minutes to pay for their goods.The toilets...were a disgrace! I appreciate that the park is busy but there is really no need for toilets to smell of urine. That is just an accumulation of neglect over time.As a group organisor, I shall certainly not choose this venue again when we take students to Paris, since I think they should be getting a better deal for their money. Parc Asterix is nearby and the attractions there are guaranteed. So if you are planning a visit, go there instead. Much better value for money and much better organised.I am American and I absolutely love things America... grilled burgers, big portions, friendly attitudes, and Target, of course. But I have been living outside of the US for over a decade. As a result, my recent trip to Disneyland Paris (with my 6  and 8 year old boys) left me a bit shell shocked for various reasons:It's commercial. Not commercial in the  let's go to the Christmas markets in Germany  commercial. But in your face commercial where you cannot walk 5 steps without a food, drink or plastic toy purchasing opportunity. It was too much. Overwhelmed, we spent a fortune and single handedly boosted the exports of China.It's crowded. We went in early June so before the summer rush, but the throngs were so heavy that it was hard to pick our way through the park. And at peak moments (end of day parade, the fake  fireworks  at the end), it was a nightmare. And the lines were outrageous.It's expensive. The restaurants are also crowded and loud (even the higher end ones feel like a Denny's due to the constant churn of people) and staggeringly expensive. We made the mistake of eating in one of the park restaurants on the first night. The second and third night we ventured outside of the park into nearby villages and ate locally and superbly.Rides are hit or miss. On our second day, we waited in line for over an hour for 2 different, popular rides only to be told, when near the front, that they had a technical problem and will shut down for a while. How do you explain that to a 6 year old?The Sequoia Lodge was average. We opted to stay in a Disney hotel to have the convenience of being near the park and the early hours (8 10 am) for hotel guests (but note that not a lot of rides are open during this time. It was perfectly adequate   but very sterile. No coffee tea making facility in the rooms. Breakfast (served on couches) was a nightmare. Would I go back? I'd rather sever my hand and dip it into acid. But if my kids want to, then, yes, we'll probably be back. But this time, we'll stay in a charming French village.Have been to Disneyland in Los Angeles and loved the fun and excitement ... it epitomised Disneyland.Disneyland Paris really seemed to be the poor cousin   we allowed two days   and after half a day had done all we believed we needed to do.Wouldn't go back and sorry Mickey   wouldn't recommend to others. My inner child didn't enjoyPoor points:  Smoking !!! was horrific that they still allow smoking in the park, should be banned or at least enforced that smokers use the smoking areas, by far the worst I have seen in any theme park world wide.  Staff quite often ignore you, had one that i approached and started talking to walk off while I was talking to her.   Not explained about the fast pass system that we were entitled to, so we could not use it effectively  lot of rides broken  not many water taps that work  Military with rifles were at the gate, slightly off putting on arrivalGood points:  tower of terror was awesome  space mountain was a fantastic ride  bathroom facilities were good  lines for rides wernt to long and were werth waiting for muchI am a huge Disney fan Huge! We have had annual passports for all of the parks at one stage or another   often for years. Paris always disappoints us  we only go every few years (after we have forgotten how sad it is!). The rides are good  brilliant even. The environment is as you would expect, although a little run down and lacking in the magic again! But it is one simple fact that destroys it   it is without the soul of the other parks. There is no happiness in the staff. There are few smiles and no one wishes you a good day. The people on the gate frown at you or ignore you when you enter. I speak a good amount of French and I asked if I needed a stamp to re enter (At the gate where the stamps were supposed to be given out!) and they ignored me. The staff in the merchandise shops hardly spoke. Another thing I find amazing is that the food is so average   It's Paris for goodness sake. I don't want to eat doughnuts that look half stale. They don't bother to hide works when they are redoing something. There are no picture covered hoardings here   just brown material. So, if you are visiting Paris Disney and you haven't been to Tokyo, Hong Kong or the American Parks and you wonder what the fuss is about, please please please don't take this park as being indicative of the magic you will find elsewhere   a magic that is most often created by the enthusiastic and helpful staff you will meet in the other parks, who often love (and are as fanatical about) Disney as much as I do!Having experienced   and enjoyed   the original Disneyland in Anaheim (and Disney's California Adventure), we decided to add three days onto our European holiday to take our three young children (age 7, 7 and 9) to Disneyland Paris: we now wish we hadn't.It's not that it's terrible   it isn't   it just isn't as Disney would have you believe. The most disappointing aspect was the staff ('cast members'). Where in LA you get the perky, bubbly friendly service   from everyone   that you expect, at Disneyland Paris it felt as if the cast members were there under duress and would rather be somewhere else. There was no sparkle in the eye, no 'going that extra mile'   in fact, most of them were unhelpful at best, or downright rude at worst. Whether we were queuing to get a crepe or for a ride, the cast member we were finally met by rarely managed a smile   even our kids noticed. You can't pitch yourself as 'the happiest place on earth', then have your whole team getting around like the cast of Les Miserable.All the rides we went on were the usual Disney standard   clever animatronics, enchanting, fun etc. No complaints there: except for the ones that regularly stopped in motion   the Buzz Lightyear ride stopped six times while we were on it (that's six times during one ride!). We understand that big parks like this have long queues   we were prepared to wait   but when you saw half empty wagons being sent off, because the cast members weren't doing their jobs to fill the empty seats   it became infuriating. Frankly, the whole place felt mismanaged.Perhaps it was not yet peak tourist season (we went in late May), but to see so many restaurants and food outlets closed made the place look like it was abandoned in part (Frontierland and parts of Adventureland in particular). This, of course, meant the queues at the operating food outlets extended for miles.By the end of our first day, we were so frustrated, we just wanted someone from Disney head office to sweep in and sort the place out: refocus and cheer up the staff; improve the food; and add a lick or two of paint to the numerous scrappy and scummy areas that looked like they haven't had a polish since the park opened over twenty years ago.While our LA experience will be held in our minds forever, we feel so let down that our children's first Disney experience was this half hearted reproduction in France.It's a pity   with a bit of energy and focus, this could easily be as magic a kingdom as the American version (I'm Australian, by the way, so I'm not blowing the American trumpet lightly!).Paris Disney staff seem to have forgotten it's the happiest place on earth. Few ever cracked a smile or said hello in the three days we (me, husband and 3 kids aged 9,7 and 7) where there  they need to pick up their game. The park is lovely to look at and the rides are much the same as the other Disney parks of course, but the magic is definitely missing. Almost every ride we went on broke down at some point and the queues were crazy, much longer than they ought to be mainly due to staff not loading boats cars properly and letting some go a quarter full   ridiculous and frustrating. Meeting the characters at the park is almost impossible, unless you organise yourself with military precision   which I suggest you do. Find out where the characters are going to be and map put your day accordingly. The biggest disappointment was meeting a Princess at the Princess pavilion. You must start queuing at around 10am to reserve a spot to see one. After waiting in line for an hour, you'll be given a window of time to go back. That's when they tell you you can't choose a princess and you get who you get which is fine, I guess. When you return for your window   expect to wait in line again for another hour and a half. And what do you get at the end of all that? Two minutes with CInderella (or whoever). She says hello, poses for a photo and that's it! 2 minutes!! You get longer with the characters at dinner in the Disneyland Hotel. Also NO FROZEN PRINCESSES! The biggest grossing Disney movie of all time that has every little girl I know wanting to be Elsa or Anna  but neither of them is in sight. There's a Frozen float in the parade   so they have the actors and the costumes  how hard could it be to wheel them out??!! This is a major stuff up on Disneyland's part. Frozen merchandise was also hard to find, with desperate mums seen searching high and low in vain for an Elsa costume or an Olaf or Sven plush toy The saving graces  the parade (always a winner) and the light show fireworks   but expect to stay up late, it doesn't start until 11pm. The food is extremely average, like most theme park food, and the queues for even a coffee or water or outrageous. Staff are slow and inefficient. I recommend eating at Hakuna Matata in Adventure Land before 1pm. It has decent kids meals. Overall, I would take any US Disneyland over this one any day. At least the queues come with a smile.Having just git back from Disneyland Paris. I had to write this review. I was disappointed that a great deal of the attractions were closed. Dumbo, Genie, Critter Corral was empty no animals at all. Buildings in the theme park fenced off for maintenance, handful of restaurants closed and boarded up. Very disappointed as the queues spoke for themselves. Seem to be less staff, major attractions such as Pirates had a one boat full next one empty, just as It's a small world did.Litter and rubbish throughout the park and floating in the water in some of the attractions.Most of the park had potholes, not easy to walk around in the dark.Scaled down parades. : (Fireworks at close together with graphics and lasers were great.In all a trip to Alton Towers would have been better and cheaper!I have been to US Disney several times and was shocked how poor Paris is in comparison.Several of the rides were shut down throughout the 2 days we were there due to 'technical difficulties'. This included the big rides such as Thunder Mountain. The fast pass system was a shambles with the machines breaking down every 10 mins. Several other rides were closed. The food was disgusting   I had half a chicken that must have been cooked for hours it was like eating rubber. Some of the staff were incredibly miserable ...not that there were many around.All in all this feels like a place that is on the way to going out of business   it won't of course as people will still flock here because of the Disney brand but the truth is that this place damages that brand beyond belief   my advice is save your pennies and go to Florida   that's where the real magic happens Having lived in Japan and having visited Disney Tokyo , should say the Euro Disney cannot match that of Tokyo.The magic of Tokyo is missing including the umpteen characters that walk around the park. The Cinderella castle in Tokyo is way more beautiful and big. Many important rides and attraction like the Jungle cruise , Mickey Mouse revue , big bear jamboree, honey I shrunk the kids and the many shows across the park was missing. There was no daylight parade maybe because of the weather I don't know and my little girl who wanted to see all the princesses was dissapointed.we couldn't wait for the night parade as it happens very late because of late sunset.Food around the park was mediocre and pricey.Overall this park is good is if your a first timer otherwise would definitely skip. Been visiting this park for almost 15 years now and this last visit was probably the last one for some time. The park in general is starting to look very tired and worn with many of the main attractions not working on the day we visited. Ticket prices seem to have crept up and I can honestly say that it was a poor day out.Our family stayed in a Disney hotel for four nights. We made the best of our time there but we found the magic was lacking mainly due to the lack of characters walking the parks. Having visited Disney world in Orlando we were expecting to see a lot of characters walking the parks. We got the impression that the powers that be in Disney wanted us to spend time with the characters in the themed restaurant where we would be spending a premium price. All the staff on the rides were extremely helpful and polite unfortunately I cannot say that for the staff in the a large number of restaurants there. Every restaurant we were paying a premium price for a very poor product. Would we go back again, sadly the answer is no!I have just returned from a visit to Disneyland. We only spent 1 day in the park as this was enough.I took my 3 daughters, one is severely disable and uses a wheelchair, but can transfer out with support.I expected, once I had a  priority  green card that we would be able to go on rides without queuing, ie usually via the exit with potentially a short wait of up to 15 mins or so. How wrong!!! On all of the main rides that my daughter was able to get on, ALL of them had a  reservation  system in place. This meant that after going to the exit, we were told that we had to make a reservation (sometimes having to go back to the start!) and come back later. This ranged from 2 hours to 4 hours!!! We only arrived at the park after midday, and after looking around, viewing parades etc we only started to go to rides then. We were not told about this at City Hall. So when we arrived at Pirates of the Carribean at 4:50pm, we were told to come back at 8:30pm!!! I found this totally insane and hardly priority for disabled visitors. I complained at City Hall and they were unhelpful. I filled in a complaint form, and intend to write a strongly worded letter. This was our first and last visit to Disneyland Paris. I also found a lot of the staff sullen, rude and unhelpful. (Not all) It certainly was not a  magical  experience for our family and we were extremely disappointed with our visit. It was also a lot smaller than imagined and a lot if the focus was on up selling food drink and Disney stuff.The rides we did get on were frankly average and I can only imagine peoples disappointment at having to wait 1 2 hours to get on some. We went on 4 rides all day.The only real positives for us were the parades and we went back at night to see the fireworks which was good.there is more I have to say on the disability matter but would be here all day. Get your act together Disney, and make priority tickets for disabled visitors A PRIORITY! The rides there were all perfect and up to the Disney standard but the staff there were extremely rude and whenever you tried to ask for help they wouldn't listen and continue smoking. My family and I will not ever return as we would rather go too Disney land Florida InsteadThis place hasn't changed in years. While the other Disneylands World have had improvements upgrades this one feels like it has simply stood still. It's so tiny, has relatively few rides and the food   unless you got to one of the expensive restaurants   is AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL!!!We went to disney for 4 nights and stayed at sequoia lodge, which was fine, clean and easy check in. The food was very tasty although a little over priced as everything is in disney.Overall we did have a good week and our two kids had fun although it has lost its sparkle, it would appear money needs to be spent on the two parks with multiple rides breaking down more than once in one day! Crushs coaster was often broken and when it was open it had queues of upto 100 mins with no option to fast track either.Stars in their cars parade was very disappointing with only 6 cars!! The stunt show, although very good however they had cut back on numerous stunts, jet ski stunt etc. The Tram ride was sending out trams half full as carriages appeared closed or broken?!Flying carpets were completely shut for refurb however nobody was working on them!The buzz light year ride was shut on a few occasions with technical problems as was space mountain!Thunder mountain had a queue of 75 mins most of the time however if you wanted to fast track your pass it took 30 mins to get your ticket then another 20 min to get on the ride, surely this defeats the point of fast track?The Michael Jackson show was completely closed for refurb, again nobody working on it.There were no characters around the parks, only visible on the very short parades so don't waist money buying an autograph book!The Wild West show was was enjoyable and a must see.In general it was very disappointing and I certainly wouldn't waist my money going there again I would rather pay more for the Florida parks!From 13yrs view.... Waste of time, rides are average but not worth queuing for 50 minutes. 10hrs there and lucky to have gone on 7 rides! Long day of queuing. From mum's point of view I was close to thumping the next person that shoved one of my children or myself. Also really struggled with the cigarette smoke, felt like I had been in a night club in the 80's!Sorry, but Disneyland are 99% for kids. Even if you are a big child over 30 you probably will be dissappointed. The sourroundings are magnificent we visited The Disney Parc and was stunned by the buildings, the parades and the way that the parc had captured the true Disney atmosphere.However, there is no fun if the 3 only attractions with any kind of thrills are closed due to restoration technical problem. The other supposed thrills like Star World must have built this attraction in 1990's and then just left it in its 90's condition..About the food expect nothing else than burgers, fries and pizzas, very american andWe wanted to get away from our whistlestop tour of Paris (art, food, the Eiffel Tower etc) and just get back to some good old American theme park fun for a day. We've been to many theme parks and Disney really does generally excel. At least in attention to detail even if not the rides. For Europeans Paris is a lot easier to get to than, Florida but the experience is far inferior save that it feels much more compact. It's easy to get to from Central Paris. About 40 minutes on the RER for    7.50 and you're there. We didn't buy tickets in advance but bought two park one day passes from the movie park where there was no line and few people at 10am. (Looked busier in the main park). Our youngest was 10 and we visited on the first weekend in April.You can buy advance tickets (eg at FNAC stores in Paris) It all feels so small compared to America! But that on the other hand means you can do it all in a (busy and planned) day assuming your kids aren't too young and have some stamina. On the other hand the crowds must be horrific at peak times. There seem to be a lot of locals with annual passes. We started at the movie park and knocked off all the main rides and the Armageddon show by 1. But really   Armageddon!! This movie was consigned to cable reruns long before our kids were born so the branding was irrelevant. The show though was pretty good. Quick 5 minute walk over to the main park where a parade was in full swing. Then the usual Disney Fastpass games of trying to not line up for too long at the big attractions. Space Mountain was excellent and then regular disney stuff was up to par. Pirates of the Caribbean fun, it's a small world world as expected and the kids really had fun in the Alice in Wonderland Maze even though they initially thought it was for the little kids. Star Tours   the Star Wars ride was very dated; dated rides are fine for the classics (like Pinnochio which had a very short line when we visited) bit disappointing for other attractions which depend more on technology than cuteness. Unfortunately two of the main rides were closed. Indiana Jones and the Crush Coaster. Although mentioned on the website this was disappointing so always best to check. Disney should really plan their maintenance better to avoid two major rides being out. Mixed experiences with the staff. Very friendly usually but in a few cases were unable to give clear directions in English and seemed like they were doing us a favour. Really not like America!Food was comparable in price to Paris. We brought our own lunch to avoid the fast food. Tickets were expensive. Even with a discount. The reality is that if you or your kids are Disney fans this is good fun. If you're not hooked on Disney the premium payable for the Disney factor is debatable as many of the rides are disappointing. To be fair both the teenagers and the younger one said they had a great time but they certainly preferred Animal Kingdom and Universal in Orlando and the rides at Alton Towers. By. 7.30 we had done seen all we wanted. Perhaps we were lucky with the crowds. Line times were overstated sometimes (45 minutes for our second Space Mountain ride was only 30 minutes for example) and by late afternoon other than the few large rides, waits were 5 minutes for many of the rides. In summary, unless you're a big Disney fan or have younger kids I'd probably avoid simply due to the cost (unless you're not worried about the money in which case he kids will have fun!). Budget on a mid range 32gb iPad Air for a family of 5 with a picnic lunch, a few drinks and ice creams and a couple of Disney pins. Obviously you can spend a lot more and there are different costings if you stay at the park or buy some sort of package. Poor overall from an adults perspective. Especially on value for money. Sorry guys .... theoretically this place is full of charm but practically its a very expensive experience and an exhausting one. I don't find standing in line 110 minutes in average per spot (on a non weekend day) amusing NOR paying a fortune for French Fries.Was expecting so much more. Almost all attractions are for children. No characters around for pictures. A lot of attractions were closed but with no previous notice for us. We expected a similar experience than disneyland in California and disney world in orlando. Its ok for kids  10. No parades or shows scheduled. Dissapointing for the price of tickets. Let me preface this by saying that I've made close to 30 trips to Disneyland and to Walt Disney World. I've always been impressed by the Disney brand and it's dedication to quality. I'm working outisde the US, and when I got a chance to take a trip I thought I'd include Disneyland Paris. Bad idea. What I found out later is that the Disney Corporation does not own the Disney parks outside the US. They rent the names and some of the attraction names. I haven't been to any of the other non US parks, but this park was alrgely an embarrassment to Walt's name. To begin with, the customer service was lousy. When something bad happens in Walt Disney World, they let you know, they give you an idea what to expect, and they try to make it up to you. In PAris, I was in the next batch getting ready to board a ride when it (apparently) broke. They Left us sitting there. After 20 minutes they came and gestured at us to get off the ride, but still didn't explain, even when we asked whether we should wait to reboard. It was almost forty minutes before someone told us that we should leave the building. To make matters worse, when I reported this to Disneyland Paris, their response was  Customer safety is our top priority. In general, the rides are pale versions of what we have in the states, again with mostly the name only intact. For instance, the Indiana Jones ride in California is a state of the art motion simulator with amazing special effects. The Indiana Jones ride in Paris is a cheap roller coaster with painted flats for scenery.Overall, this park is the equivalent of the cheaper theme parks in the US. The Disney name does not belong on it. If you go, be forewarned.Paris Disney is expensive to eat if you can find a place that is 1 open and 2 not fully booked.Even though we bought prepaid meal vouchers at   21 per person we could not find anywhere in the park to eat on the first day and had to go out of the park and had to spend another   60 on top of the   114 we had already paid for a two course mediocre meal and two of the smallest glasses of wine you have ever seen.When we tried to complain we were met by the normal for france 'Gallic shrug'.We have complained to Disney who say that even if you prepay they may not have a meal for you and shut restaurants if the park is not busy. Which begs the question 'Disney know how many vouchers they have sold, so they should be able to estimate the number of places they need open to service those vouchers. My suggestion is put it down to experience and make a pack lunch at breakfast to make sure you don't go hungry, take a knife and bags crisps, biscuits and drinks a kettle coffee and tea and a few small containers of milk from B & M.Having been to Disney in Orlando, Disney Paris sucks.the overall experience of the place was terrible this was the 1st Disneyland I was visiting I was super excited it was disappointing long hours in queue even though it was a weekday it was hugely crowded!!Undoubtedly the park was amazing shows were good but for rides we had to stand in the queue for at least 90 mins fast pass did not help either So in one day we managed only 4 rides.I will not recommend Disneyland if you want to experience rides but yes if you want to show the park to children then may be ya but for 80 euro is it really worth it?We stayed at the chayan hotel about 6 years ago and had a fantastic time at disneyland. My wife is a Disney fanatic and my son was 6 years old we spent every day loving every minute all the carictors were out and about interacting with the visitors etc.We went again this year and took our son who is now 11 and daughter who is 5 we stayed at the sister hotel santa fe this was as plesent as the last time we stayed food was still less than appealing and what a change barely any carictors to see half the main rides closed ie crush coaster Peter pan ride and over the course of 5 day 6 rides broke down.Going to see the princesses is madness as you que for about an hour were there you see only 1 and can't choose who or even get told who your seeing unless you want to pay    60 per person to have a meal with them and then you only get 3 princesses and 1 prince.There are some carictors out but at set locations but never at the same time each day, when you ask the staff what time they will be out the next day that can't tell you or give you the wrong time so most of your holiday is spent sitting around and wasting time waiting due to poor information. Food was still poor throughout the park and very pricy about    80 for a family of 4 with a desert and 1 drink each average price for a kids meal is    14. And a small bottle of coke will set you back about   2.50On this holiday I had to complain on two separate occasions not all but many of the staff were rude and did not care it was more shut up and put up attitude and we will never be returning again. My understanding alot of the problems have come down to staff reductions to save money due to the lighting show that has cost 20 million all I can say is drop the show it's about the kids and bring back all the carictors that's what they want to see.We have just returned from Disneyland Paris and I am sure it would have been cheaper to go to America. Disney have you over a barrel as once on site there is nothing else around, they charge 2,89euro for a 500ml bottle of water. You can buy a litre for 49cents if you have the time to get on the RER and go to the nearest shopping centre. A meal without starter or dessert costs in the region of 75 euro for 2 adults and a 3 yr old. Even the Disney hotels charge an ridiculous amount for drinks with no coffee or tea making facilities in the rooms. Okay so your getting Disney magic without an 8 9 hour flight but it seems to me there is no need for Disney to take every penny from you. Water and food, basic human needs should not cost the earth. They do like in America have water fountains by the toilets, however, every time I tried one they didn't work.To me Disneyland Paris appears to be about how much money they can make from you while you are there having enticed you with cheap deals such as the one we went on, 2 nights free.... We stayed at the Sequoia lodge, the bathroom smelled of wee. My husband assured me its because there are small tiles on the floors and it absorbs into the grout not that it isn't cleaned. Breakfast was typical continental but so busy on occasion there were no bowls or plates and no fruit salad. So its difficult to even fill up before you go to the parks.If you are thinking of going to Disneyland Paris I would suggest you have a huge contingency fund for basic needs, or in fact fill your case with water!!For 81 Eur per day per person one might have high expectations...My main issue is that too many people are allowed in, resulting in attraction waiting times between 45 min and 2.5r hours... I believe this is way too much. Your day consists of 90 % waiting in queues.... Children get bored, nothing is done to keep people in queues entertained...So overall I don't think it is worthwhile going mostly because of the long queues....I must admit I hated the everyman for themselves attitude whether it was queuing for attractions, shuttle buses, breakfast it was literally a free for all people would try and squeeze through the smallest gaps to get in front of you even if you had small children the attitude absolutely stunk to high heaven, I seen grown men fighting kids screaming and this was the quite season? Never again it turned me into an aggressive queue jumper myself in the end. Otherwise me and my family will have been walked all over, and I hated what I had become too stressful and aggressive and confrontational not my idea of fun, despite the park and attractions being superbI would strongly advise against staying at Disneyland Hotels. Spent a week at tge Seqouia Lodge. The smell of cannabis was overwhelming. After several complaints and threats to announce it to other guests, the security staff and manager begrudgingly attended and agreed, but said there was nothing they could do. Was offered same room elsewhere rather than them tackling a noticeable drug issue. Very poor service and staff were far from satisfactory.The park itself was tired to say the least.I booked tickets for myself and a friend for a weekend in January. Mistakenly I booked for Sunday. I called in advance to request this be changed (a simple process at the tourism company I used to work for) and this now seems but impossible as their system won't allow it. After waiting on hold for an hour I thought to compensate, I wanted my tickets cancelled and refunded, apparently this is not plausible either. Extremely unsatisfied with this service.Had a long weekend in Paris and thought a day out to Disneyland would be a perfect addition to our trip, however at the end of the day we wished we had stayed in the city for the day instead! Very expensive to get there on the train, then very very expensive to get in so already feeling a bit negative, so we went to get some food from the little pizza restaurant in 'fantasyland.' The food was horrible. It was over cooked and tasted awful, and we paid    25ish for 2 small, rubbery meals. Used some nearby restrooms as well, and these were some of the most disgusting toilets i have ever been in! Had to use multiple toilet seat covers, and when needed again, I just waited to use the much nicer toilets on the train on the way home, and I don't often find train toilets preferable to anywhere!We then decided to queue for some rides, however not once but twice were we suddenly ushered out of queues along with everyone else by grumpy, rude workers who upon questioning revealed that the rides had broken down and our 30 minutes of queuing had been for absolutely nothing. We found ourselves thinking that if they can't manage to keep the rides working in the winter, then why keep the park open and charge extortionate prices? We wasted well over an hour queuing for these 2 rides that we never got to go on, and there was no apology or explanation from the staff unless pressed. Felt a lot like a waste of money and will not be going again, and would advise people to really think twice about whether they can face the queuing, because even if you queue for a long time there is no guarantee you'll get on the ride, as they can't seem to keep them operational!Each ride have to queue more than 2 hours and doesn't have alot of exciting rides. Hope they improve in the futureWhat a dissatisfaction to have your dreams shattered at Disneyland. Appalling service, badly managed theme park. Not enough staff to make magic happen. Lines everywhere even to get something to eat. Food very standard. The toilets were filthy. If you are going to make a trip to Disney go to Hong Kong.Yeh.... I know it was the Christmas holidays and of course it would be busy, but 90  minutes wait for each ride really meant that if we wanted to go round the whole opark we didn't have time for many rides. Trick is, to get a 2 day pass which we'll do next time as the Disney Studios are also said to be well worth a visit. It's also worth asking for a Fast Track ticket and I believe these are free!Having read some rather unflattering reviews before hand I nevertheless had an open mind on the day a friend and I went to the Park on a very chilly, windy November day.The train getting there is very easy. You can buy your tickets from the GREEN kiosk or if, as in our case, they are out of order go to the ticket window. Buy tickets   ours cost about 12 euros each rt   then go to the lower track and follow the well marked signs for the Park. The train was clean and we saw several passengers that were going to the Park as well but mostly it was just the everyday person going about their business. Trip takes about 45 minutes. The train arrives at the Station and as you exit the Park is right there so no lengthy hikes to reach.There is a sort of Disney Village with a Hard Rock Restaurant , shops etc on the left as enter. The main entrance is underneath one 'wing' of the Hotel. No line paid 84 euro each for one park ticket. Enter directly onto Main Street. Basically the same deco but was outfitted for Christmas with a huge tree nicely decorated. Shops on both sides. It also  snows  as intervals! We went into a cafe there for something warm to drink. Pretty adverage and bit expensive. Hot cold beverages, pastries etc. Then there was a Parade of sorts. Sadly, it was pretty bad and that was the only time we ever saw any themed characters at all. Not one roaming about the Park at all.Then we went to FrontierLand where the Haunted Mansion is located as well as Mark Twain River boat and I guess Big Thunder Mountain. Something was smelling wonderful    .. We went on the Haunted Mansion ride with zero wait time. The usual with some  French  Touches here and there and the Guide was very nice. That smell? Barbecue from the only restaurant open in that section. We read the menu: Buffalo Burger platter with salad, french fries and a drink totaled $40.00 American. Really. Needless to say we skipped.Next was Adventureland. Closed. All of it. Rides, attractions. Only things open were something akin to Tom Sawyer's Island and Indian Jones Ride. WE then headed to Pirates of the Caribbean which was open. It's designed more like a Fort in Port Royale and not in any way like the Park in California. I have not seen Florida so cannot comment about that one. Ride is basically the same with a few things added to make it more  French. FantseyLand next. The thing one has to remember is that the size is much SMALLER here that in Ca or Florida! Hunger drove us and the only thing open was a restaurant so in we went. Really bad. A cheeseburger, fries, drink and small ice cream was 12 euros each. It came cold but management provides a microwave in which to re heat. How thoughtful! Mostly full of families with cold and tired kids and parents' longing to go home.Next was the section like Space Mountain. Nothing to be thrilled there at all.The second and last Parade of the day begins at 5:30 or so and start to the left of Sleeping Beauty's Castle. This one featured 5 7 floats with Themed Characters both on them and walking. Best of the two. The Park closed this section at 7 as they have a fireworks show. We did not stay.Made our way back to Main Street did some shopping in too crowed last minuted packed stores before we left and took the train back into Paris. The Park itself is in need of A LOT of cosmetic work. Seriously.I'm glad we went because now it's out of my system and I can say to anyone that wants to gush about how they just 'have to go  Please, rethink! Spend your Euros on true Eye candy!But then, if you're a family with very young kids, who don't care about high prices shabby upkeep and horrible priced everything, then by all mean go.Maybe it's a blast for very young children, but for adults it's a burden. The park is very poor maintained, food level is like Mcdonalds but 5x more expensive, waiting time should be calculated in hours and what amazed me the most is that there are hardly any Disney figures walking around in the park. So if you want to go to a Disneypark, choose Florida, USA; more fun, friendly employees and it's sunny : ) Oh, before people should think what a sour comment... I have year passes!Our fourth time here, and hopefully by writing this review it will remind me not to go again! Aside from the grumpiness of the staff , what is worse is the general poor condition of the whole place   the walk from The Disney Village car park into Disney Village looks dreadful, entering the park lots of chewing gum on the ground, poor sign writing at entry areas, inside the park rubbish on the floor   not enough cleaners, someone should repaint nearly everything, or just pressure wash and remove the algae, moss where it is not supposed to be   get someone in to do a snagging list   give them a free pass a free trip for their troubles (to Disneyland in CA though) ! Nothing in the Rock   Roller Coaster display cabinets has seen a duster since it was created in 2007  and which genius decided to only do 30 secs or so in the  studio , exiting half way (we did it twice) does not explain the whole theme of the ride   you might as well enter straight away off the street. Phenomenally disinterested unmotivated staff   only met two cast members who showed any interest (an older chap in the Tower of Terror who just happened to be passing us on a stairs and engaged us) and the cast member with Remy in the Big Stars Restaurant. Too many rides and restaurants closed when we visited 4th to 6th of Jan 2014, no excuse as they took the same money from us as during peak periods!I guess of it was a theme park in Ireland or Scotland you might say it was good, but this is Disney   Florida is well run on minimum wage, no reason why they can't do the same in Paris!Go to Florida instead   with the cost of accommodation (Disneyland hotel wanted    800  a night for one room) and food it will be equal in no time, and a more memorable holiday.Well I said my piece!I wanted to take my 7 year old to disney to meet the princesses that she has been grown up with and she was so excited to meet them! Boy were we disappointed! All the adverts show you little girls meeting their princesses how magical. We knew going near Christmas it would be busy but we were prepared to wait, however I expected to see the characters around the park even for a few minutes given the cold weather oh no, I had to queue for an hour to get a ticket for my daughter to be given a time slot to meet a princess, yes one princess and not one of her choice, heartbreaking. The only time my daughter saw her princess was a fleeting look as she went past sitting in a carriage during the parade! This has to be the biggest most expensive rip off I have ever seen. PLEASE DO NOT TAKE YOUR DAUGHTER IF YOU WANT HER TO HAVE A MAGICAL PRINCESS EXPERIENCE, leave her with her wonderful films, dress up dresses and she won't end up broken hearted. Other issues were the food and drink prices were outrageous but i suppose this is expected for a theme park. the queues also spolit the day, 2 rides in a whole day. On a more positive note the parades were good, Main Street and the chrismas tree were great and we found the staff helpful. Will never go back and will tell every mum with a young daughter not to bother wasting their money!This was the third visit with my family but the first since 2002. We have been to Disneyworld in Florida 3 times since our last Paris visit. Unfortunately, there appears to be no limit on how many paying customers are allowed into the park with the most popular rides having 75 90 minute waiting times. What really struck us though was how run down the whole place now looks. In the Village, the shiny Harlequin effect looks like its been in place for about 50 years. The whole place is actually dirty and I find it very hard to believe that the concrete paths are ever pressure washed. For some reason these days there are security check points everywhere which really does take away the pleasure of being there. I have also read other reviews highlighting the smoking in the parks. I agree totally. At one point while waiting for my son and daughter to return from Space Mountain, my eyes began to water because of the number of people smoking. I really do think that Disney need to re invest some of the massive amount of money they must be taking from the excessive number of daily visitors.1. Do not go on 31s Dec. Do not go on peak days. Do no got in Christmas hotel. 2. Crowded. Most of the time   1 hours wait for 3 minutes rides  does it make a sense.3. Everything Else is good...if you are able to access it.4. Most recommended  Pirates of Caribbean.5. On the entry, do as first thing to get fast pass, as much as you can  free or paid. Else, follow point 1.Summarily, I would not call it any value for money, if you cannot enjoy at least 50% of rides  which is not possible on these peak days.Over $300 for a family of 3 to simply walk through the entrance gate. Gates opened at 10am, rides not open operating until after 1pm? Eurodisney offers a FAST TRACK ticket system for the rides   after you ride once, you can re line up in a shorter, fast track queue, for a 2nd ride without going to the back of original queue  this visit, you were requested to obtain your fast track ticket before the first ride; but had to wait over 3hrs to get onto a rollercoaster ride, some rides up,to 5hrs. If you enjoy a Cheese burger or Angus burger, similar to Mcdonalds, be prepared to pay    7 8 euro ($12) for one, fries    3.5 ($6) or you can get a meal deal for    14 ($25), and wait 40mins to be served. Overall, if you have lots of patience, like being overcharged, enjoy standing in long lines, (rides, food and toilets), like very short rides, then this is the place for you to enjoy a family day out.Hello I would like to share my views . I and my family went to disneyland Paris for Christmas and I have to says I and my family were disappointed we bought our tickets on line and never got to use any of the amusements with all the queues we had a two and a half year old with us and its not possible to expect a child of that age to stand in queues for 40, 60, or 90 minutes . Its very badly organised It also appeared that if you new the people who were operating the rides it was possible to skip the queues as we noticed a no. of people who just walked in and got on the rides without having to queue .I would also say that the exorbitant prices charged for daily passes is a complete waste of money as prepaying for the use of the rides does not allow you any quicker access to the ridesGrime, mold, garbage, general decay and lack of the Disney    shine.    Rides were not just smaller and different, but uninspired and in desperate need of upkeep. For instance, the Indiana Jones ride was simply a carnival roller coaster built around an aging, molding temple badly in need of a cleaning. People smoked everywhere, which made standing in line a whole different experience. There was mold on the park signs, too, which I   m sure would have horrified Walt. Not good. If you   ve been to Disneyland or Disney World, don   t bother with Paris     just go to the Louvre instead and save yourself a disappointing experience.We took our 2 year old and admittedly we did think she might have been too young. She was.The park was really busy, we got barged around a lot by very rude people. The wait times were crazy...even for the toddler rides. And people are allowed TO SMOKE. In the queues and generally about the place. It's absolutely revolting and frankly I don't think it's acceptable.The Disney characters were few and far between....Mickey Mouse was commanding a 45 minute wait and you couldn't take the buggy in....so that was out.The food is blistering expensive and mediocre...the staff are nice enough but have absolutely no sense of urgency to get people fed and the queues down. So you wait some more...and some more. Maybe my expectations were too high but I just found it very stressful dealing with the crowds and not being able to find anything to do that didn't require queuing....or buying Disney merchandise.Oh and if you come in December do bring a hat. It's a good few degrees colder out in the park compared to Central Paris and you'll end up paying 22 euros for a Disney one if you forget.So disappointed :0(I used to live in Florida, and and had an annual pass for several years to the Walt Disney World resort and loved it. I've also been to Disneyland California several times, and overall really enjoy the Disney experience. But now living in Paris and having visiting Disneyland Paris twice, I unfortunately have to say that Disneyland Paris is a pale imitation of the  real  Disney experience. The parks are far smaller, the decorations (we went at Halloween and Christmas) are FAR less impressive, the employees are less friendly, the bathrooms are much more disgusting, the park dirtier, the food is even more overpriced and FAR worse, and it just doesn't feel near as magical or fun. The general visitor population is much ruder, and I swear the park is about half as lit so you can't see where you're going. It doesn't help that most people ignore the no smoking regulations and you even have people chain smoking while waiting in lines and for parades next to you. There are some benefits to visiting though for the die hard Disney amusement park fans since many of the rides are quite different (Space Mountain and India Jones are incredibly different and much more exciting) and the Haunted Mansion is far more creepier than the US versions. And we didn't hate our time there (hence the two circles instead of one). But unless you're a hardcore Disney nut, it's really not worth the cost to go out there and pay for a very substandard Disney experience. I guess if you're only other option was paying for a trans atlantic flight it might be worth going to Disneyland Paris, but really, save your money and go to Orlando. It really is much better (just don't go during summer, it's miserably hot).Great rides   kids had a great time. Dirty, lots of litter and chewing gum etc. Toilets filthy and massively overprice food. Also, the French seem to like smoking in all of the queues regardless of children being there. Disgusting.The fireworks were amazing and that is all that has made it a 2 star.I visited Disneyland Paris last week for 3 days with my 7 year old son. It is a magical place and was all decorated for Christmas, however, we would never return as the queues were nearly 2 hours long at some rides. The toilets throughout the park were disgusting, no toilet paper, doors that wouldnt close, pee on the floor etc, all we ate for 3 days was McDonalds because everywhere else had massive queues to get in, even Starbucks it was an hour to get a coffee.We only had time to go on 4 rides which at nearly   100 per day for entry is very poor. There were no characters walking around for autographs either which was dissapointing!What has happened to the Disney magic? The park looked old and tired! The staff weren't bothered and the characters are not walking about. Food is well over priced and 4 euros for a water, come on that's to much even for a Disney theme park!!The only redeeming feature was Christmas being the theme as you walk in.Very dissatisfied and will not be going back.Save up and goto Florida it's much better.What a bad disney experience it was everything from rude cast members to broken rides to guests smoking everywhere in the park, even in rides! Cutting lines and CM smiling and not doing anything about it!What a beautiful disney design gone into decay lack of maintenance funding perhaps? Never saw cast members walking around the park with windex bottles or reception at rainforest cafe being rude and refusing to give seats because section is closed and 2 mins later put next customers there while looking at us with an angry face. Is this what Walt Disney created or a sad broken version, the latter I think. M. Iger should go visit Paris and compare with his florida parks. It shows that Disney only owns 40% of the Park vs 100% in Florida. A disney park without Disney Magic should't be called Disneyland.Having booked this trip because it coincided with Halloween we were lead to believe it would be a really magical experience with a Halloween Parade Fireworks etc. However little did we know that not only were we expected to pay for our daily tickets but also a special ticket for the Halloween Evening or be kicked out of the park at 7.00 when it closed to non Halloween Ticket Holders! That aside, we arrived and had three lovely days of queuing for less that 30 minutes for most rides which wasn't bad. I do believe having visited the park nearly 12 years ago that many rides haven't changed that much   Space Mountain was okay however I came off with such a head and neck ache due to very little to support (it could be an age thing!) ... be warned. Buzz Lightyear was fun for the little ones as well as the adults   a good family ride   use the fast pass   it helps! The Train ride around the park okay to get an idea of size and location of areas.I think it would be useful for slightly more entertainment whilst queuing as the younger ones find it a bit of a bore having to wait for so long. As the week progressed the queues became longer   90  mins for some.The Park was generally clean (bar the toilets) and the staff as polite and friendly as they could be.Lots of merchandise shops that sold more or less the same as each other and generally in my opinion expensive! Food outlets were okay, long queues and a little over priced for my liking.Would I recommend? ...........Positives, we stayed in the hotel New York, took advantage of the hotel only access to the studios and got most of the rides done that morning before 10am! If you want breakfast take the first slot at 7am or forget about having breakfast as it's not worth the wait! The kids got to meet the characters in the hotel lounge, without having queue for hours (we were up very early though)We didn't get robbed this time we stayed at the the New York Disney!Negatives, the room safe was too small to take an iPad, so had to carry them about all day, as last time we stayed there our room was ransacked! So make sure you carry your valuables if you stay there!! The room was extremely dated and stale, obviously hasn't been redecorated since the building opened back in 1992! Room service menu is extremely limited, ok if you like pizza or curried bread sandwiches?? (You see my point) There are more adults in the park than children, and when the parade is on route the adults don't think twice about pushing kids out of the way to see! Watch out for rude locals pushing anything and anyone out of the way to get on rides, my 5 year old son experienced this treatment! It seems the park has gone downhill since our last experience 3 years ago at the same time of year revisiting! They have sacrificed a lot by cutting back on main attraction that people wish to experience on their visit to Disneyland! There were next to no characters in the park, the ones that were there you had to queue ages for! The ice rink had no ice and instead were giving out roller blades and in my opinion that is not the making of a winter wonderland that was described with ice skating!!! The high chaparral theatre ice skating show we have seen for the past 7 years seemed to be no longer running or advertised! The restaurants seemed to have staff cutbacks as we soon realised as we had a booking for walts restaurant for 2pm and didn't get seated till 2.40pm! Some of the main rides were shut randomly throughout our visit! The parks needs pulled into this century, we went to the EO theatre, I think they should rename this attraction the 'time machine' it so old I get better 3d on my tv at home!! The early opening on the Monday was a waste of time as there were only some of the rides open in fantasyland, so the queues were just as bad as ever! If your thinking of eating at planet Hollywood, the food is lovely but expect to be in the place for at least 3 hours for 1 course!!Pinocchio ride, if it's a 5 min queue go for it.... Anything longer it's NOT worth the wait unless you want completely let down for your time spent in the queue, only thing it was good for was sheltering from the rain! Overall, be warned its on the down, Walt would be spinning in his grave! If you want to keep the disney magic alive go to Florida!! This past weekend, myself and four friends visited Disneyland Paris. The following is my letter of complaint that I have had to forward on to the company.Dear Sir Madam,I am writing to complain and bring your attention to a number of issues I experienced whilst in your Disneyland Paris resort this weekend (8th November to 11th November 2013). Me, and all of my party, are huge supporters of The Walt Disney Company. This year alone we have visited the parks in Orlando, Anaheim and Paris, happily spending thousands of pounds and we have never had any problem until this past weekend.Our weekend started at the Davy Crockett Ranch, which was perfect for us and in which we only experienced a couple of minor issues. Firstly, we had been told that our cabin would be decorated for birthday celebrations, however this never materialised. This was quite disappointing when it had been promised by the reception staff. Secondly, our premium plus cabin never included the hairdryer or cleaning kit that is said to be included on your website. When we rang up reception about this they told us we had to collect them from the front desk. After driving to the reception and queuing in a horrific queue, we were then told we needed to pay a deposit for the items (none of us had brought any money to the front desk because this wasn   t explained on the phone) and were turned away. We didn   t have time to get money and queue again since it was eating into our time at the parks, and thus members of our party had to go to the parks in 1 degree Celsius temperatures with damp hair. Over the course of the weekend there were numerous problems within the two parks. Firstly we were extremely disappointed there was no big switch on of the lights for the Christmas Weekend. We had seen advertisements all over the TV in the UK saying that the weekend we had booked was a huge Christmas celebration, and expected more of an event than we got. When we arrived half of the lights and decorations were already up, and so on the Sunday (first day of Christmas) nothing was an impressive surprise as we had seen it over the 2 days prior. We expected a grand switch on of the lights down Main Street USA the Christmas tree, instead of a half finished parade on the Saturday which had the dancers props falling apart and no Christmas lights to accompany it. Furthermore, when we booked our half board meal plan with the stay we were assured we would have a    variety of restaurants    to choose from. This was definitely not the case. There was one full service restaurant available in Walt Disney Studios, and a handful in the Disney Park. Out of all of these barely any were available to eat in past 5pm, so our choices for dinner were extremely limited. It was nothing like the dining plans we had received in the other two parks earlier on this year and was very disappointing. We dined at the Silver Spur Steakhouse on Sunday afternoon (since nowhere was available for dinner) and had, to be quite honest, the most disappointing meal I can recall to date. We made reservations for 3:30pm so we could see the 4:45pm parade. A rude waitress seated us at 3:50pm, and our order was taken at 4pm. It was put through the till at 4:10pm, our soft drinks didn   t come until 4:20pm and our wine didn   t come until 4:25pm. By this point we had almost been in the restaurant an hour and hadn   t even seen our starters, which were cold salads prawn cocktails. We called over our waiter and asked how long the food would be, and asked to speak to the manager. An extremely rude woman named Marlene then came over, and shrugged her shoulders when we asked how long the food would be. She was the most unwelcoming cast member I have ever met. We then said that if she couldn   t tell us how long our food would be we would be leaving, as by this point we had 20 minutes to eat three courses and get into position for the parade. We made a compromise with Marlene that if we stayed for the meal she would reimburse our half board meal vouchers as an apology so we could have a meal on our final day (Monday). After she left, our starters came almost instantly. 3 out of 5 of our party went to see the parade, as it was the only time we would be able to see it, and two of us stayed at the table eating our starters. At 4:45pm our mains were brought over, without our starters being cleared away, without anyone asking how the starters were, when the servers could clearly see that our table was half empty. I explained the situation to him, and asked him to keep the food warm in the kitchen and understood it was our fault if the steak we had ordered would be dry because of this. He rolled his eyes and huffed at us before returning to the kitchen. At this point, we saw that the waiters were discussing our table mere metres away from us, and since one person in our party spoke fluent French, we knew what they were discussing was something to be kept until the cast members were backstage. When our bill arrived at the end of the meal, I asked Marlene what we do about getting our vouchers for the meal the next day. She then shrugged once again, and said that she wasn   t willing to give them to us since we stayed for the meal and    lied    about the date we were leaving. She was extremely rude to us, accused us of being liars when we had told her one member of our party was leaving on the Sunday evening but the other 4 were staying until Monday afternoon, and threatened to call security on us if we didn   t pay the remainder of the bill and leave. We even said we   d provide our hotel booking information to show our departure date but she shook her hand and said she didn   t want to know. I was absolutely disgusted at how we   d been treated by the staff in this restaurant. To avoid confrontation, we paid the monies owed and went to City Hall to file a complaint. While we were there, we got told that Marlene had said we were twenty minutes late to our reservation (when we were five minutes early) and again, accused us of lying about our departure date. Due to this, nothing was resolved at City Hall and another hour of our evening was taken up writing a summary of the event. All weekend the majority of the staff we met were unhappy, unwelcoming and unhelpful     not something you expect when you pay the money you do to Disney to experience the world famous Disney magic. We encountered rude staff when asking to pin trade, throwing pins down on desks and walking away when we gave them pins that they    didn   t want    and barely received any birthday wishes when walking around the park even though 4 of the 5 of us were wearing stickers saying we were celebrating. Very unlike Orlando where you can barely walk 5 metres without a    Happy Birthday Princess!    off someone. There were a distinct lack of characters in the parks for meet and greets, and the ones that were out had very limited times so it made it difficult to fit them in among a busy day. Again, we found this very different to Orlando and California. While we were there, the amount of rides which were closed down due to technical problems was disgusting. To name a few, Tower of Terror wasn   t working on Saturday and half of Sunday, there was no sound on Rock    n    Rollercoaster on Friday or Saturday when we went (which is extremely disappointing when the ride is based on Aerosmith   s music), Crush   s Coaster was down on Saturday and Sunday, Toy Soldiers Parachute Drop was down on Sunday, the Studio Tram Tour was down on Sunday, and had been down on Saturday (even though we understand the Saturday was due to maintenance) and Phantom Manor broke down 3 times while we were on it, making us late to watch Magical Christmas Wishes on Main Street USA. If you look at the above, that is the majority of Walt Disney Studios which was down over the weekend. Since we only had one full day in each of the parks, this was very disappointing. We understand that things happen on rides which are out of the control of the cast members; however we also know that whenever any problems happen in Orlando or Anaheim they are rectified in record time. This was not the case in Paris. Finally, the overall appearance of the park was disappointing. A lot of the areas looked like they could do with a clean (mould on the walls by the travelators into the park, dirty looking signs, trash on the floor in the dark rides etc.) and it didn   t portray the Disney look in the slightest. My experience this weekend was one that I shall not forget in a hurry and I will not be returning to Disneyland Paris until it is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company and is at the standard of the other resorts. This weekend my party and I feel like we visited a theme park, and did not feel as though I visited the Disneyland that I have done many times in the past.Having been to Disney in California, Florida and Paris (previously) my family and I were really disappointed with our recent visit back to Disneyland Paris. The queuing was horrendous (but is something you have to deal with) aggravated further by several ride malfunctions which meant waiting an hour for nothing. The 'fast pass' queues took as long as the normal queues and to make the situation worse the 'no smoking' rule was not followed or enforced which resulted in standing next to several people smoking and not having anywhere to go! We also made the mistake of eating in a couple of the Disney restaurants (The Steakhouse and Blue Lagoon) and apart from being overpriced and already inclusive of the tip, regardless on how good or bad the service was their special dietary offering was appalling. My wife is a Coeliac suffer and was offered a choice of 3 'microwave' meals (brought out still in there boxes!) as an alternative. It was only after some heated conversation and accommodating staff that we eventually managed to get her something 'freshly' prepared. All in all I would urge anybody thinking of going to Disney to maybe postpone and save up for a visit to Orlando rather than waste their money going to Disneyland Paris.Tickets were expensive EUR89 each. Having always wanted to see the Disney Characters, they were only visible every hour for 10 min. We spent a few hours and only got to see 3 characters in person. The shops were all overpriced for goods made in China.The restaurants were overpriced for canteen food. A complete let down for our family   would not waste our time and money again.Take a slightly cheesy but efficiently organised, well maintained theme park with cheery staff in a sunny, warm climate. Then shrink the park and remove the cheery staff and efficient organisation. Skimp on the maintenance and relocate to a chilly city in northern Europe and   presto ! You have Disneyland Paris.Just returned from Disneyland Paris on a trip with extended family, including 4 children 7   13. The experience was underwhelming. Far too many rides not working or breaking down during the day. Fast passes are useless in the Studio park because only three rides have them   so they sell out rapidly. Many staff (but not all to be fair) seem to be going through the motions rather than entertaining guests. Toilets poorly maintained and in some cases entire blocks are disgusting. Women need to plan visits in advance as there are invariable queues   surely Disney understand they need more space for the 'ladies' than the 'gents' ? Not enough rides for the number of visitors   queues of an hour not uncommon for the popular rides. Above all the place seems to be badly managed   there's litter, widespread unplanned ride closures, traffic chaos at the Halloween Party, rides not fully loaded even when the queues are lengthy and poor, overpriced food.Kids are forgiving and will love the rides (once they get on them.) But having been fortunate enough to visit Disney in Florida I would say that the European version is but a pale imitation of the original. If you can scrape the pennies together go to Orlando.Visited with 4 kids (7,9,10,13) for the first time and were very disappointed. Fully expected queues as it was half term but did not expect the number of ride closures (Thunder Mountain, Crusher, Animagique, Indiana Jones, Space Mountain when we tried at various times over 3 days). We also did not expect filthy overflowing toilets   come on Disney! Also, when you pay extra for Halloween party tickets it is somewhat annoying that the roads are blocked so you have to get off your bus and walk. Surely it's not too much to expect some traffic management when you know how many tickets you've sold?All in all poor value for money, a tired, poorly maintained theme park. We shall not be returning!If you are thinking of visiting Disneyland Paris, my advice would be: Don't!Either put away a bit more and head to Disney World in Florida, where, as well as far better weather, you get the whole Disney magic with more characters, better service and friendly staff.Or, if you're just looking for a theme park, head to one in the UK and save yourself a lot of money, time and disappointment.Unlike Disney World, Disneyland Paris is just a theme park which happens to have rides themed around Disney films. The majority of the staff are at best unhelpful and at worst downright rude and arrogant. Many of the rides were out of order or running but with many of the carriages out of service, thereby increasing the waiting time.At Disney World, my family and I were impressed with the high standards of the rides, how clean and smart they all looked, the attention to detail all around the parks. Disneyland Paris does not have this polish: many of the rides had seen better days, with chipped paint, parts not working, murky water etc. We visited Caf   Mickey, one of only 3 places you can get character meals and had a terrible experience. The characters were generally far less visible on the whole around the parks than at Disney world.In short, if you want that Disney magic, head to Disney World. If you want a great theme park with exciting rides (that are actually running), head to Alton Towers or similar. But if you want poor service, frustrating breakdowns and arrogant staff, head for Disneyland Paris.We went 5 years ago at Easter we really enjoyed it, so we thought we would return, it was a very disappointing visit and we won't be coming again! Considering there are reports that it's loosing money it was so much busier that the first time we went, but not in a good way! We queued for so long for even the basic rides that in the 5 days we were there we only went on 20 rides in total!!!! We spent most of the time walking around trying to find rides which were quiet but there were none. Last time we learnt to go on rides when the parades were on as it was quieter but this time we only ever noticed that they had one parade a day and the new light ears at 10:30 in the evening. Don't bother buying the food vouchers, we did and it limits where you can eat and most of the places you can't use all the vouchers you have paid for and they pocket the extra 15 euros or so profit as you can't use them for alcohol! Annette's diner is good and so is the Blue Lagoon. the New York hotel was also a very cosy room.I went on Halloween week for four days I knew it would be busy but with a 4 year old and a 7 year old where else do you go I think I spent sixteen hours queuing for rides six hours queuing for food at the parks spending    3.20 for a coke and    3.00 for a bottle of water an average of a    100 euro for a evening meal you can say I don,t think I got value for money I will be in no hurry back although my kids loved itEuro Disney aka the financial black hole. Pay for the tickets, expensive but the kids will love it. Another 15 euros to park which turns into more fun and games at the end of the day with inadequate lighting? No picnics in the parks so decide between losing a couple of hours going in and out or paying a minimum of another 50 euros for four substandard meals in the park? If the service provided by the staff was good then fair enough but at no stage was it any good. Buying food, queue to order you food then queue to collect but check before you leave as they don't bother to compete your order. Your food will go cold as you wait for them to complete your order in between completing the incomplete order that they got wrong previously. To queue is obviously not a verb in Euro Disney dictionary as staff ignore people jumping the queue and left it to the masses to sort out. Even purchasing expensive fragile products does not bring a smile to the staff's face as they throw them into plastic bags without a bag without a care in the world. I won't talk about the toilets because there are families which read these reviews but as my friend said,  Don't look for the toilets, just sniff them out...  The only reason I give this 2 stars is because my daughter got to see the princesses in the parade. We decided against queuing for 2 hours to see the princess because we actually thought it may be a good idea to actually get something for out 160 pound investment... We went in October and the place looked run down and in need of some care which is understandable at the end of a busy high season but the lack of customer service beyond the staff in the parades is inexcusable. We will save up and visit the USA version which we hope from reading reviews will restore my opinion of a so called family company. Something 'magical' will need to occur at Euro Disney to get me to return I'm afraid.Hotel Magic Circle was ok. Breakfast was very good. BUT Disneyland Paris was so disappointing. The place needs upgrading with more rides and needs the magic and sparkle advertise on their website. There doesn't seem to be a cap on numbers allowed into the parks so they were crowded with waiting times around 75 mins per ride. (Some fast pass machines were broken). With the extortionate price of tickets it works out at tens of pounds per ride!! The staff in the parks seemed indifferent to visitors with a take it or leave it attitude. The only saving grace was the parade and the evening fireworks. A sad experience   definitely better in the USA.We had been to Disneyland in L.A. ..................wonderful, just as Walt wanted it.The French version is a disgrace. As normal one pays  an arm and a leg  for the tickets, of which we expected, however, we were horrified to find that at each ride etc. one could buy their way to the front of the queue. They sold these at the rides. That is so corrupt and NOT Walt Disney like. The bathroom floors were wet and the stalls disgusting. NEVER, NEVER again.: (Myself and my partner (both early 20's) went to disneyland in OCT. This has been a place that i have always dreamed of going to and was so excited to finally get to go. Food was very over priced and not all the cafe's and restaurants were open. Didn't see one disney character walking around the streets to take pictures with (only seen them do a parade). If you wanted to go on a ride the line up was anywhere from 30 60min waiting time!! so as we wanted to see everything and didn't want to stand in line for long periods of time we missed out on a lot of them. We also went to walt disney studios which we saved till last which I'm happy we did as we did it all within 20mins as there was nothing open and not much to look at. If i ever went to it again i wouldn't pay extra money for walt disney world as it certainly wasn't worth it in our eyes!We lived in Paris between 2005 and 2007 and we had a yearly membership going to Disney once a month at least. We always loved it. This October we were back after 7 years. What a shock!!! It looked as if no maintenance took place during all this time. Lights were broken in the rides, many rides were closed, the Aerosmith even broke during our stay, fastpass not working, etc. In summary, a complete deterioration was obvious...what a pity!Disneyland should be  Welcoming ,  HAPPY ,  CHEERFUL , etc...  well, unfortunately not for Paris!!  The staff where rude and hardly speak the international language   ENGLISH!!  Rides were awesome but as usual long queues..I read that France people treat pet dogs better than humans and it is so truth if you are an asian. They do speak English but they will laugh at your face when you speak English and refused to serve you. They are arrogant and rude. I was knocked by a man walking on the streets and I almost fell down and he did not even take a look at me. The staff are more concerned about their lunch times where everyone disappeared during lunch and all the rides are stopped for more than an hour. the staff are without smiles and the rides are only average. nothing fantastic.(Note: My trip there was a few years ago). i dont want to go back Paris again.Very Different to the N American Disney Parks. Not in a good way. The staff are not as friendly and the park is much smaller and the european attitude and Disney attitude do not mix very well. I was really disappointed with this park as I have been to the US ones and Japan so was expecting more.Overpriced, with long queues up to 90 minutes for each ride. Food is expensive and disgraceful and restaurants are VERY expensive.Upon entry the staff are very unhelpful and don't bother working very fast and the walk from the car park to the actual park is miles. Pay attention to where you have parked your vehicleAll in all I would never go there again and spent more than 250 Euro for the dayFirstly I should say that we love disney and are used to the disney experience so we were quite shocked with what we found at DLP on this visit. We went at the end of August during the school holidays. The park was busy yet none of the shops on main street opened until 1pm. All the decent restaurants (Walts, silver spur, blue lagoon) no longer open for lunch. Yet at the hotels all the a la carte restaurants are closed with only the buffet places open at night. The park looked tatty. The rides kept breaking down. The character greetings were a shambles. My 4 year old wanted to see a princess so we queued up at the allotted time to get a fast pass this took over an hour. We came back at the time on the ticket only to have to queue for another hour for the actual greeting  so much for fast pass.I would save your money and go to florida. I it probably won't cost much more!I have spent around a week in both Disneyland Anaheim and Disneyworld Orlando within the last year so thought i'd go check out the Paris one while I was there. It was definitely not up to the standards of the American parks. I saw rubbish on the grounds and in the water ( this is something I was amazed by in the USA ones as they are kept amazingly clean even in the busiest times) there was things broken or looking run down, the staff all looked very bored and unhappy to be there, the food choices were very limited, it is off peak season so many of the food places were not open and the couple that were sold the same food. The toilets all stank very badly of urine, even though we went in there within half an hour of park opening, they also were flooding, clogged etc. The rides were fine, mostly short waiting times which was great. It was ok for just a basic theme park, it just didn't feel like a Disney park.Expectations were high, it was not our first visit. But we were really disappointed. Apart from being expensive, you do not get value for money.During our 2 day stay the park was very crowded, resulting in waiting times at most of the attractions of more than one hour (sometimes up to 2!). Besides that, all major attractions faced technical problems during this 2 day period. Very frustrating to be sent away if you have been waiting for more than 45 min. A FAST pass for the next day is not really a compensation...So: time for some major renovations!They won't see mee again. There are far better options if you want to enjoy roller coasters.We finally took our kids (10, 12,14) for the youngest's 10th birthday. We spent 3 days spread across this and the next door Disney studio's site. Long enough   I wouldn't go for longer. I would also advise against going with kids that are any younger. The kids need to be taller than about 140cm to get on all the rides. The rides for smaller kids are very busy. Also most of the place is a giant Disney themed shop. So many expensive things to interest young kids. At least our kids were old enough to understand that money doesn't grow on trees and to respect a limit of what they could spend. With younger kids this would be hopeless. The park has had many financial difficulties and it shows   it all looks a bit old and worn out. They haven't had a new ride for years. Having said all of this the kids loved it. Personally I think we went at a good time (April)   not too hot or busy although we were rained on a couple of times.As a lifelong Disney fan living in Europe, I was excited to bring my kids to Disneyland Paris to see another of the Magical Kingdoms. Boy, was that a mistake. We got (almost) none of the Disney magic with all of the expense! Now, for the sake of full disclosure, my family visited Disneyland in California in July 2012, so that memory is still very fresh and may have tainted our view of the Paris park. That being said, the Paris park was basically the same price so we expected the same experience!PROS:  The closing light show Fireworks show was AMAZING. Worth staying to watch. We watched it every night we were there, we enjoyed it so much.  The food in the park is not THAT bad or overly priced. About the same quality and cost as the Disney parks in the U.S.  The lines were no worse than expected and most rides did have entertaining waiting areas. Fast Pass was really helpful with the more popular rides. Disney also has a  parent swap  option for parent of small children to take turns waiting in line and then bring a parent pass to the waiting parent so they can ride without waiting in line again. This option was nice when the cast member working the ride actually bothered to fetch us a pass when we asked for it.  Space Mountain 2 is way better than the original. We rode it every day, usually at least twice.CONS:  Disney Details! There were none! The grass was dying, the shrubbery was overgrown, the sidewalks were cracked, the bathrooms were dirty, the rides looked run down, and the staff was RUDE.  Ride maintenance. Rides were breaking down constantly, or closing with no warning. Both the Tower of Terror and the Rockin Roller Coaster broke down on the same day, after we had waited in lines for both of them. Not attempt made by Disney cast members to make up for the hours we spent waiting before the ride broke down, not a fast pass for when the ride was working again, not even a free bottle of water to make up for the inconvenience. The Haunted Mansion also broke down while we were there, as did Space Mountain, and Star Tours, and several other rides in the three days that we were there.  Character meet and greet. My husband used our Magical Hours one morning in the park to wait in line for a pass for our daughter to meet Princesses at the Princess Pavilion. He waited in line for about an hour and forty minutes and we were given a pass to meet ONE PRINCESS. Last summer, we waited nearly an hour for at the Princess Pavilion in California, but our daughter got a meet and greet with THREE princesses and then there were three additional princesses (with their princes) at the end of the pavilion doing group meet and greets! Otherwise, we did not see ANY characters walking around the park or doing meet and greets outside of paid meals, and the few post parade meet and greets were so chaotic, I was actually a little worried for Minnie's life. She was being mobbed by about 100 people with only 2 Disney cast members to control the crowd and no line to speak of at all.   Disney Cast members. Rude is not a strong enough word to describe cast members here. Some were even downright offensive! Not what I came expecting with a Disney experience. There were several instances were the cast member simply refused to do their job, for example, the Disneyland Paris Website advertises the Parent Swap service. All rides were supposed to offer it. Many rides did, no problem. But cast members at several of the rides, especially the ones with longer lines, would tell me or my husband to ask for the pass at the exit and then when we got to the exit, they would tell us we should have gotten the pass at the entrance and then walk away. No effort to remedy this. Also, staff members at the Rocket Cafe went beyond rude and lazy and right into offensive when I pointed out that the food delivered to us was not what we ordered and asked for either the correct order or a refund. The cashier then proceeded to disparage me, and Americans in general, in French to the next customer. Until I informed her that I speak French, then she did not even have the sense of shame to apologize for her behavior.   Ride and attraction closures. I understand that closures happen and rides and attractions need to be closed on occasion for maintenance or staffing issues, so I checked the Disneyland Paris website before I visited so I could prepare my kids for which rides they would not be able to ride. According to the website, a few attractions were closed, but most everything should have been open. The following were closed during the duration of our visit:     Pizza Planet   the Petite Train   the Storybook Boats   Pocahontas Indian Village   Haunted Mansion (it was open for a few hours on Saturday, but closed for the most part)   Studio Tram TourThis is our first experience with any Disneyland and what a huge let down.The place was dirty, smokers everywhere around the children, the place is clearly for children, long waits for rides, lots of rides and spaces closed. Over half the eaters closed for unknown reason. Staff in ALL shops seem very unhappy for the 'happiest place on earth'.There is so much old heritage in Paris and I'm disappointed I wasted a day looking at Disneyland when I could of spent my time in Paris better.The park was Disney but it lacked excitement and sparkle of the Florida park. The rides and attractions looks tired and although the staff tried at times to be charismatic they failed miserably. The souvenirs were very expensive. The food was expensive too.Out side the park the Disney hotels restaurants were packed and the priority in some queues went to same language guests rather than who was next. The train around the lake from hotel to park was 2 euro each. Theses transports are free in USA!On the positive side my granddaughter enjoyed it as she's too young to know the magic was slightly faded! The lazier show at the end of the day was amazing and the best thing about the parkCame with 6 year old nephew. Presently staying in the NY hotel which is dated and warn, which is pretty much the same as the park. Warmth of staff and interest in guests is minimal. Compared to the states or Asia for that matter not really a Disney experience.Went to Disneyland Paris, 4 8 September. All I can say is that whatever price you have budgeted for this holiday, treble it at least and that is how much money you are likely to spend.My advice is save up and go to Florida. The food and drink are way over priced, all the fast food is the same. The Queues are ridiculous, 30 minutes every time you want to buy a drink, 2.59 euros for a small cup of tea.The staff have no idea of what customer service is, for example at Casey's Corner, I wanted 5 teas, Queued for ages to be told they had no milk but I could have hot milk in my tea and then was told I would have to pay for the hot milk on top of the 2.59 for the tea, what a joke, I told them to shove it.The Americans fall over themselves backwards to help,the Disney staff need to get some serious tips on customer service. 95% don't crack a smile and couldn't care less if you enjoy your day or not, as long as you are paying the money that's all they seem bothered about.The Queues for rides are terrible, especially weekends, 120 minutes for the main rides, half the time the fast passes were not working. Every day at least one of the main rides wasn't working.Than goodness we had been there for two days before else would have only managed 3 rides in the day.They let far too many people in for the size of the park and the amount of staff they employ.The pushing in, has to be seen to be believed. The Europeans have no manners at all, I can't believe I had forgotten this fact.Was in one Queue and up to 20 people pushed in before we got to the ride, my daughter spoke to one Spanish family and asked them to go to the back of the queue, only for the father to shout shut up in my daughter's face. Very intimidating and very rude.The staff ignore all the pushing and shoving in the queues, they have no queue management at all.I gave the park two stars for the park itself and the late night show and even that was a bun fight at night. People shoving and pushing to get a position to see the castle. On the Saturday night, a bunch of French teens were throwing their rubbish at an English couple standing at the front and kept shouting out are you English and even though French staff were standing around the edge, they did nothing. This was the same every evening, as every night there were nearly fights amongst the crowd but staff always turned a blind eye.Six of us went to Disneyland Paris and none of us will go back. Give me Florida any day and in the end, the food, drink, and merchandise is so much cheaper.This was probably the biggest dissapointment in our 3 month tour of Europe. We had been expecting it to the highlight and a once in lifetime experience for our 4 kids and for us adults who had to pay for it. Where to start, whilst we did not pay before hand and thus missed out on various discounts, we did enquire as to what a 3 day 2 park pass would be for 6 and we quoted at the entrance gate approx 750 euros or so. Next day when we went to pay it was close to 800 euros for 2 day 2 park pass. Once we got inside, the several of the most famous rides were out of order with no notice of at the gate, the ones that were running had queues of 1 2 hours (this was off season). The food was a joke in fact it was so expensive for glorified McDonalds meals we had to laugh as we invaribly paid (no food allowed in), think 70 euros for meal for 6.The smaller world (stunt show is excellent) was actually better and I will admit that we enjoyed ourselves there, but the queues, breakdowns and expense mean that it was a real let down overall. We did get one benefit, we got so used to being feelong conned by the whole experience that we now have a new family phrase to describe those moments when you have royally done over  You've been Disneyed .Our entire trip was planned around visiting Disneyland and luckily we did enough other great things on our holiday for this not to ruin it.Where do I start.. Don't get there early if you are not staying at the park (Don't stay at the park   the prices are absolutely INSANE!) as there is nothing magical about Disneyland before opening time. Queues and grumpy staff greeted us on our much anticipated arrival. When it finally opened the queues were unbelievable on everything.. we expected this but NONE of the rides justified the wait time. Some of the rides we took our young children on were laughable at the state of them. We went on a slow boat ride around all the different nursery stories and there was rubbish in the water, paint peeling off and just things that looked like they hadn't been touched in 20 years.Many of the things that make made Disney so magical years ago when I went just don't happen here. None of the characters walk around so you guessed it.. another queue. 1.5 hours to meet Mickey and just over 2 hours to meet a princess. We had to queue to get a ticket to queue again for the Princess! Finally made it to meet her and the photographers camera was busted and didn't work so no souvenir photo just one off mine where the flash played up!So close to 4 hours and we'd met two characters. Some below average overpriced food and a crazy 2 hour queue for thundermountain (don't queue in this if you are claustrophobic) and we were well and truly over the place.Look, I could handle the queues (I expected them) if the park was inviting and clean and had a bit of magic but it was none of these. All we thought at the time is that it was trading off its reputation of years ago while not spending a cent. Wish we'd save the huge amount of money we'd spent on tickets. Think long and hard about visiting and lower your expectations!brought our youngest daughter to disneyland she was so excited about going but it didbnt live up to her expectations or mine we had travelled from ireland .........to start off with the ques were ridicolus they shoulld have a better system in place expensive to get in and all items there were the same then rides could have been updated the food was horrible cooked away ahead a reheated i didnt find any of the staff any way helpull she was so looking forward to meeting th e princess that didnt happen we were told a time and place but when we got there they saiid it would be later i think magic of hte place has wore offf...well that title was a little melodramatic, but you get what I mean. Disney, being Disney, was magical, and I will brave lines and weather and fast food at daylight robbery prices to experience the magic again and again. What I did not expect to have to brave in this children's park were clouds upon clouds of second hand smoke. I will not expound upon the magic of Disney   it would have be wonderful sans fumes. But everywhere we went, we were surrounded by smoke   there was no escape. Even coming from Paris, which has more smokers on the streets (and in restaurants) than many other cities in the world, this was indescribable   there were times when I was literally gagging on the smoke and I just could not find reprieve. I had asthma as a child but have not had an attack in over 15 years, but I thought I was going to have one on the day, and I had breathing difficulties for many days after I returned home. If you are planning to bring your young child here   please spare a thought for their health. My heart goes out to the little ones who sit there in their strollers breathing in the smoke unable to complain. The worst is when the whole park settles in front of the castle to wait for Disney Dreams   everyone starts lighting up and the smoke just thickens. If possible, take your kids to the parks in Florida or California   it would be a much more authentic experience (the French staff are nowhere near as bright and cheery as the Americans) and healthier one too.went to Disneyland paris, what a big disappointment compared to the Disneyland in USA this place is the pits, walking in the music and announcements are so loud, once inside it is all shops selling the same souvenirs, the Disney characters are no where to be seen, no rides food places are few and far between, the only thing going for it is that it is immaculately clean the same as the USA one, would not return to this place if you paid me there are other attractions in paris that are worth visiting before this.A place for children, for good clean fun like Disneyland, should not be so filled with cigarette smoke. Everywhere you turn, whether eating, or whether waiting for the evening show, people are smoking cigarettes. While waiting for the evening show, one father walked 20 feet away from his own children to smoke so he would not expose them to the noxious fumes...but the site he chose was just upwind of several other families with children. There is supposedly a 'smoking area', but no one uses it, and no one, absolutely no one, is enforcing any rules about smoking.  Other than the constant noxious fumes, the park had its good points and its bad points. Sleeping Beauty's Castle is beautiful, and the dragon in the lair is very good. The evening show was quite good, though much less developed and shorter than shows at the US theme parks.  The staff seem variably committed to providing a nice experience. Unlike the original Disneyland Park, where every detail is attended to, Disneyland Paris staff is far from perfectionist in their work. The grounds are dirty, buildings in need of cleaning and paint, and the service is slow. Quite disappointing   not worth the long trek outside the city of Paris   skip this one and spend your time on the wonderful attractions inside the city.the theme park had a lot of maintenance problems and was to crowded. plus you have to wait a long time at each attraction and they have special tickets so that rich snobs can go first (Always fun when you've been waiting over an hour with you're little kids)  some attractions were maintained bad (another nice thing to notice after you've been waiting more than an hour)We went to Disney park with a total of 6 people, 3 adults and 3 children of ages 13, 6 and 3. The queues were huge and the food and drinks totally overpriced! We managed to go through a few attractions due to the large amount of people and the huge waiting times for each attraction. The 20 year anniversary parade was not anything special, I expected more for such an overpriced place.Total lack of atmosphere. Total lack of magic and isnt that what you go to Disney for? From miserable staff, to extensive queues that turn into free for alls with the pushers in, to extortionate prices. Yes you expect things to be more expensive but in one cafe a cheese bagguette which was the same size as those half ones you get in Greggs was 18 euros. So flabberghasted were we all to see this, we all went up in turns to have a look and one of our party even took a photo  well its not every day you see a cheese cob for nearly   20! (cant remember the cafes name but its on the square and it sells cakes and muffins follow the bees and wasps and you'll find it as all the stuff is left exposed and was literally crawling when we were there).Now for the rides. Pirates of the Carribean is fantastic if you can brave the long, dark walk which turns into a bit of a melee the closer you get to the stiles. Its a small world was also really good. The Buzz Lightyear one was brilliant and we made the most of our extra 2 hours in the park on that. Its also where I met the only friendly member of staff who was lovely and helpful and told us all the parade times and seemed genuinly glad to be there. The only other rides that opened early were the dumbo one, the peter pan one, the carousel, the mountain one and the dragon attraction under the castle. The parades were good, not brilliant though and very 'samey' as you'd imagine. The fireworks were amazing. We watched them on the Thursday night and after four days of being pushed and swore at and trampled on and smoked on and rude service and paying through the nose for everything and a crappy hotel (New York), the fireworks almost, but not quite, made me hate Disney a little less. I'd looked forward to my holiday but after everything I would not go back if they paid me. I honestly wouldnt. Its not half as good as Id have hoped. And three times as bad as I would have ever dreaded. And the toilets were grimey, dank and stinky.We are absolutely disgusted with the prices of meals and drinks in Disney, your looking at average prices of   90 for a family of four to eat junk food, cup of coffee seven euro, I am sure this was not the plan when Walt Disney created these parks as they managed now by Dick Turpin as no kettles or Drinking water in the 4 star hotels rooms, and food that costs an arm and a but and unhealthy rubbish, sorry to say this is our last visit to Disney as over priced and hate the fact the Walt Disney dream has changed into a commercial plan to drain your pockets of every penny This was our third visit, with teen kids and it was a very bad experience. August is the worst time to go, waaaaay too crowded!! Some rides had up to 120min wait time, which puts you off big time.Apparently, if you want to enjoy what's left of the park, you should avoid 15th of May to 15th of October, but then it's probably colder.All the prices went up A LOT in the last 3 years since our last visit, like an average T shirt from 9 10 Euros to 25 30 Euros.After returning from our holiday I would like to express my concerns about my family's experience.Both parks were both dangerously overpopulated resulting in queue times of over 30 mins for the bag check alone, over an hour for the rides and 30 minute queues for food outlets. I can only imagine the chaos if there was an accident and they needed to be vacated in an emergency.The staff were pretty much non existent and those that were available, gave the impression of being harassed and only able to spare a few seconds.The Disney characters who are apparently available at most times for children to greet are only available for 10 minutes with no forethought given to arrange a line for small children to have a picture taken so a mass scramble by adults ensues so no children get their picture taken, we tried to see 5 x characters in 2 days (Minnie Mouse on 3 occasions) and were unable to get anywhere near them resulting in both of my daughters in tears as this was the main thing that they were looking forward to.We managed to bump into a couple of characters whilst walking around the park and when asked if they could stop for a photo opportunity, my children were gently pushed to one side on both occasions leaving us with some awkward questions as to why the characters are ignoring them!The fast pass option is for a selected number of rides, most of them not being suitable for young children.Overall we are extremely disappointed with our stay, the Disney magic that I promised my children has been ruined, the experience is not as advertised and we will not be returning, nor will we be recommending the trip to anyone.We visited DLP over 4 days in August 2013 with 3 boys aged 14, 12 and 5. The boys enjoyed the rides immensely although due to time constraints caused by long queues we didn't quite manage to get on all the ones they wanted to.The whole experience was hard work as the park opens at 10am and closes at 11pm, and at this time of year the queues are long for every ride. Expect to walk long distances, and be on your feet a lot. The advertised wait times are consistently over 60 minutes (and occasionally 2 hours !) for most of the popular rides, and we discovered that the advertised times were a guide only as often we had to wait even longer.With hindsight we could have had a more productive visit if we had planned our days out with military precision and used the fast pass system more.The other shock to the system was the price of everything. Over 3 Euro for a bottle of coke and a hot dog costs nearly 7 Euro. We at at a couple of restaurants in Disney Village and it works out at around 35 Euro a head for a main course, dessert plus a soft drink. With a bit of planning you could get stuff cheaper from the supermarket and take it in but technically, you aren't supposed to take picnics in with you and we were on holiday so opted to buy food on site.Stayed at Davy Crocketts ranch which absolutely fine, only about 10 mins away from the DLP site.Overall, we felt the sheer number of people they let into the park really lets it down. It means the queues are allowed to get ridiculously long and the cleanliness of the park suffers (e.g. the toilets are a disgrace). Also be warned that you won't see many characters in the park unless you queue at the designated places, and that despite the no smoking policy, loads of people ignore it and puff away in open spaces and occasionally, in the line for the ride ! We last visited in May 2006 and at that time of year it was much less busy and a much more enjoyable experience.If you have been to Disneyland, Florida this resort will not even come close in comparison. The queues are crazy with unrealistic waiting times displayed. There wasn't a single thing that we didn't queue for, rides, food, toilets, etc. The magic experience that is so important in America is lacking here. Over hour long queues for a two minute photo opportunity with the Disney characters for my little boy, whereas in Florida they are regularly around the parks.  We queued for well over an hour for the Pirates of the Caribbean ride, which then broke down and left us sat on it for 30 minutes with promises of it being running again shortly. Eventually we were evacuated with not a single word of apology, let alone anything complimentary as a gesture of goodwill!We had a two day break with a park hopper ticket and on the day we were in the Disneyland Park managed approx three rides. We had to leave a queue to meet Mickey Mouse with one very disappointed little boy having waited for 30 minutes with the queue not moving. Dinner took an hour and a half, having waited for food, then having to sit on the floor to start off, eventually managing to grab a dirty vacated table. This place is so over crowded, commercial and lacks the resources and customer experience!I was in all Disneyland parks: Orlando, California, Hong Kong, Paris. We returned this year to the one near Paris with our children. The park is completely different from the attitude that we receive in the other ones. The employees don't smile, don't great you with polite salutations like everywhere else. There is a lot of stands of food and toys but no information anywhere and indications are not as clear to find your way around. The waiting time to get a meal was inappropriate: 45 minutes standing in a line for a meal of hamburgers with children waiting next to you doesn't make any sense. This was on a week day! Can't they find enough employees to work or are they just all disorganized? Anyway, nobody cared! and then the quality of the food is awful. I ordered later on a turkey leg which is one of the thing that my kids always like in the parks, and it was so spicy even though I asked to not put any sauce and it was so dry it was ugly to look at, not at all that plump and juicy turkey leg you find everywhere else, and so expensive! You expect fast food in a Disney Park but I always found my way around to get decent food for the different taste of the family, even at the park in Hong Kong, but for sure not in the France one! Also, the bathrooms looked so old and dirty that my kid didn't want to go. It was not a happy day like it normally is in a Disney park. I don't think I would go back to that one, it was just too disapointing.Our  experience  at Disneyland Paris.First of all I would like to point out that I normally enjoy Disneyland Paris and Walt Disney World in Florida. The park theming, atmosphere and stage presence are brilliant. It was a good few years since me and the family went to Disneyland Paris, so we were looking forward to the extended 20th year anniversary experience.Facts:1. It is expensive. Don't fool yourself.2. Food   drink in the park and in Disney Village is expensive. You   re in a captive market.3. Merchandise is expensive and in some cases more so than a UK based Disney Store.4. Most staff natively speaks French. Don't expect them to speak English just because you do.5. Extra Magic hours allow guests staying at Disney hotels to enter the Disneyland Park 2 hours before official opening.6. It was unbelievably busy. By mid afternoon the turnstiles showed 67,000 visitors.7. If you enjoy smoking   great it   s just for you. If not YOU WILL GET ANNOYED!This holiday was booked direct via the Disneyland Paris website in January this year (2 adults and 2 children   girls 5 and 9 years old).We took the 2 days extra free offer so opted for the 7 days   6 nights stay on site at the Sequoia Lodge. Park tickets would be provided for the entire stay. Breakfast in the hotel was also included. Flights were booked direct with Flybe from Manchester airport. Shuttle transfer from CDG Paris airport to Disneyland Paris was booked with VEA. We have used private hire buses in the past but wanted the children to enjoy a Disney themed coach amongst other holiday goers.We fully understood that going in the middle of August would mean getting there during the peak season. Having been a few years back around the same time we didn't think anything of it. We booked a really early flight outbound and a late flight return in order to spend as much time as possible in the Parks.The flight with Flybe was excellent. Customer service was brilliant. On landing at Paris CDG we had to be ushered onto a bus which took us on a back stage tour of CDG before stopping at the security check in. This is the norm and didn't cause any delays.On finally exiting the airport the rush was on to find the terminus for the VEA coaches. This is where the first stench of smoke kicks in. Cigs light up all around like Christmas fairy lights. From experience every VEA driver encountered seems to have very little English vocabulary and is never polite. So once we found the bus stop and the coach turned up it became a free for all. Not a nice site for young children. The driver literally gets out, opens up the baggage doors and gets back in his seat. You then fight to stick your cases in the hold area before anyone else. There is no organisation just pure push and shove. You need to tell the driver the name of the hotel you are going toTip:If you get the coach tickets online to print out, take a few copies in case the driver   s scanner can't read the barcode off your tickets.Journey time to Disneyland Paris from CDG with VEA was about 40 minutes. As you approach the hotels the driver will  shout  the name of the hotel as he stops outside the reception area. You need to jump off at your hotel and grab your bags.Sequoia Lodge:Every time we come to Disneyland Paris we have always stayed at Sequoia Lodge. The hotel sits at the side of the lake near Disney Village and is a short 10   15 minute walk to the Parks.We have always found the checking in process easy and the staff really friendly. You are asked to pick your breakfast time slots for your duration of stay. Rooms only become available at 3pm but you can leave your luggage in a special hold area so you can go straight to the parks.Tip:I would advise getting 7 am or 7:30 am time slots as any time after becomes really busy. Also if you want to get the most out of the extra magic hours you need to get to the park early.We went to the parks as it was 10:30am when we arrived at the hotel. More about the parks later.When we came back to the hotel we had to go to reception to retrieve the key cards for our room. You retrieve your luggage and take it back to your room. Rooms are pretty decent. You don   t get a kettle so take a travel one if you need it or hire one from reception.Breakfast at Sequoia can be a bit busy if you go too late. There   s lots of meat, pastries, juices and cereal to choose from. There are two breakfast areas (normally the restaurants in the evening). I would recommend stocking up on the bread rolls, yoghurts and anything else you can stick in a rucksack. Very handy for snacking on round the parks and saves you money. Take a few small bottles so you can top up with juice.Tip:There are lots of free water fountains just outside Disneyland Park and inside. Top up your bottles for free instead of paying extortionate prices for bottled water.After breakfast you have the option of walking to the parks, catching the small car train outside the back of the hotel or catching a regular free Disney bus to the train station outside of the Disney Village. The small train is a rip off at 2 euros a person (return) as it only takes you from the back doors of Sequoia to the security entrance of Disney Village.If you   re not tired then walk to the parks via the village. The Disney buses run every 15 minutes outside the front entrance to the hotel and they are free. The only problem is they drop you off at the bus   train station which means you have to pass through the security checks with all non hotel guests coming off the train   buses from elsewhere.If you walk, you will come to the Disney Village entrance which is blocked by security checks. You just put any rucksacks on the conveyer belt through the x ray. Hardly any delay. But if you go via the train   bus station there is a larger security check area which every day had masses of queues. We made the mistake the first day of going through the hotel   Disney village check then exiting the other side of the village through to the train   bus area instead of going round to the left of the village and straight to the parks.So go left as you exit the village via the World of Disney store to avoid going through another security check.If you decide to venture into the train station for the cheaper shops then be aware that you will have to go through another security check to get back in.Extra Magic Hours. This basically allows hotel guests to get in the park 2 hours early. 8   10am. Note that only Disneyland Park does this not the studios. Only certain rides are open early (small world, carousel, teacups, Dumbo, buzz lightyear and space mountain).We tried getting to some of these rides early and found the queues to be just as bad as they were during the day. If you want to get on Dumbo quick then be there for 8am!If you do take advantage of the extra magic hours you will need to bear right as you approach the Disney hotel   park entrance. Staff will check your hotel pass and park tickets before allowing you in.The parks opened at 10am and closed 11pm for Disneyland and 7pm for studios. I would advise you get there as early as possible to run to your favourite ride!Meals:Well burgers, pizzas and other fast(ish) food are the order of the day. Some places have extra bowls of salad. The Earl of Sandwich (Disney Village) is probably the most reasonable food place (it   s a sort of cross between Subway   Starbucks   Mc Donalds).We and many others got the feeling that Disneyland Paris were on a tight budget this year. There seemed to be many things cut back (inc parades, maintenance, character roaming). Characters:Cut backs? There were less around saying it was peak season. People were queuing near the princess pavilion to meet a princess (1 hour wait). You got the occasional character appear and get mobbed by pushy parents.We took a character breakfast at Cafe Mickey and at first I was a bit skeptical due to the cost. But the self service hot food was excellent and the character one on one interaction was brilliant for the children.Tip:Studios have characters appear 1pm   3pm for 10   15 minutes a time right outside the areas near Cinemagique   Stitch Live. If you sit on the studio stage area you can see the characters come down the side of Cinemagique area and try and get to them before the mob sees them.Pram Strollers:Take a cheap buggy (even if your child   s 4 or 5   there   s a lot of walking).Attractions:Queues, queues, queues. I couldn't believe how busy the parks were every day. Even the fast loading rides had queue lengths of 40 minutes minimum. Oh and if a cast member suddenly says the ride is broken down or temporary closed, hang around. On many occasions, Big Thunder Mountain, Studio Tram Ride, Disney railroad (frontierland station) we were told its temporary shut. Only to find once the crowd had dispersed they opened it again.Oh and Crush's Coaster in the studios frequently had the worse queue management ever. Waiting times of nearly 2 hours. Get there for 9am (even though the studio only officially opens at 10am). People queue at the ride ready for 10am open.Fastpass:Fastpass is supposed to get you a time slot on the popular rides. You put your park ticket in a fastpass machine next to the ride and above you the clock will show a particular time slot when the ticket will be allowed. So you might get 10:30am   11:00am. You get a printed ticket with the time on and the idea is you return back within that time slot and get to enter the fastpass queue bypassing the long wait for the ride. Only so many tickets are allocated per time slot so the clock increments by 5 minutes when enough have been printed for a time slot. The biggest problem encountered here is that as soon as the park opens a huge throng of people hog the fastpass machines, thus creating a queue as long as the ride itself! And then what you find is people will start queuing in the fastpass ride entrance hours before their ticket is due. On many occasions we found that we had to queue behind time wasters only to eventually see the cast member start to look at everyone   s tickets (after about 10 minutes). Those not yet due their slot would just stand to the side but still hog the entrance. Annoying. Why CM's couldn't actually manage this better escapes me.Parades:To us it seemed that the studios parade was a cut down version of one a few years back. The difference is that this parade lasted about 10 minutes with about 5 cars of  stars . No dancing, stopping or interaction required!The Disneyland Park parade was better but still not as good as a few years back. Lasted about 20 minutes.Fireworks:We made the mistake of getting to the end of Main Street USA ready to grab a spot around an hour before the show. Not a chance. Even if you get a reasonable view of the castle you immediately get blocked by a swarm of iPads, mobiles and cameras lifted into the air whilst folks try and record the whole show.The next day we grabbed a spot right in front of the castle (to the left near the iron fencing). We got there 2 1 2 hours early for the 11pm show! Not the best for small children to hang around for so long but if you keep them entertained they will be fine. The Disney Dreams show is really worth watching. You need to get a good spot to see the cartoon images projected onto the water sprays as some of them are quiet low on the castle.Tip: Many people were sat with iPads, consoles and books whilst they waited to pass the time. Go to the toilet before you get your spot, stock up on food and DON'T move!You will find a lot of ignorant people will slowly try and push their way into the smallest places if you leave any gap. Sounds ruthless but if you have been waiting for 2 hours only to find someone trying to shove in the last minute it will wind you up.One thing I learned on this particular trip is to leave your manners at home, as most of the crowd we encountered couldn't care less.Smoking:Each to their own but when as a family we enter a park which is supposed to be a no smoking (except in designated areas) we don't expect cigs lighting up outside the shops, sat waiting for parades, waiting for the fireworks and worse of all waiting in the queues.To see adults lighting up in front of small children stuck in ride queues is disgusting. I lost count of the amount of times our children nearly turned round into someone   s cig ends. There are areas in the park for smokers. Children   s ride queues are certainly not one of them. The whole park was littered with cig ends. Not one cast member asked anyone to put out their cig. If you have children who have chest problems then seriously think twice about losing your temper with the free for all smoking attitude. I don't recall this ever being so bad in the past nor do I remember anyone allowed to smoke in Walt Disney World in Florida.Staff (Cast Members):To be honest we didn't have many issues with cast members. Most were pleasant and as long as you give a little courtesy and try and speak a little French you should be OK. Just a  bonjour  and  merci  at a minimum. Most staff will recognise you as being English and speak in English. Ordering set meals from menus has been made easy with a simple  menu 1  or  menu 2  choice. The fun is when you try and customise them.You will encounter the occasional grumpy one though so be prepared to just point at things.Summary:In summary the park was over crowded every day, fastpasses had run out by 12pm, Disneyland Paris seemed to be recreating scenes from Mary Poppins London smog filled streets with the amount of smokers puffing away, queues were horrendous and rides constantly broke down. The weather was brilliant though :)Disneyland Paris used to appeal to all ages but now seems to have lost its appeal to families with children.I would seriously consider saving the extra cash for next time and doing the Florida version.Have just got back from a couple of days in Disneyland Paris, staying at Ranch Davy Crockett. The trip was for our 4 year old grand daughter and although she enjoyed herself we didn't really find anything had changed from when we took our own kids soon after the Parc opened. Discoveryland was pretty much as it had been but 20 years older and looking it!Very few of the Parc staff are customer focused, in fact I told one to smile while serving us as she looked as miserable as sin, definitely a case for 'Undercover Boss'   I don't think Disney Execs would be very impressed!A warning   beware the buggy stroller 'thieves'! Buggies can be hired for 15 euros a day and very useful they are too but the only way to identify them is a name card placed in a see through holder on the handle. When leaving them outside rides there is no way of securing them and they have a habit of not being there when you come out! We had ours 'stolen' twice which meant a trip back almost to the entrance to pick up another one   no charge but still very annoying, meanwhile somebody is swanning around the Parc in a buggy they haven't paid for.Ranch Davy Crockett came in for some criticism and I must admit I was a bit worried but apart from the 'cabin' being very dark (and looking it's 20 years) accommodation was OK. You must try and get a package deal though and would certainly recommend half board as the fairly mediocre food throughout the Parc is very expensive. Best couple of meals we had were in the Disney Village   how anyone finishes the portions in Annette's Diner is beyond me!Can't say I wouldn't recommend Disneyland Paris but they do need to remind the staff that they are only there because of the paying guests and a refurbishment programme and some updated rides etc wouldn't go amiss.Would I go again   probably not.We have made numerous trips to Disneyland, California and have always had a magical time. Unfortunately our recent visit to Disneyland Paris lacked the same magic that we had experienced previously (albeit in California). The park has a very similar layout to that in California and many similar rides, but ultimately it was the staff that lack the excitement of being a part of the Disney magic. In the 12 hours that we spent in Disneyland we saw only one character (other than in the parades) and very few smiles on the faces of the staff. Very disappointing.We are a family of Disney lovers. We have been to WDW in Orlando several times as well as Disneyland in California. When we planned our trip to Disneyland Paris we expected the high standards and quality of service and experience that we have had at the other parks. We were VERY disappointed with Disneyland Paris and it makes me very sad that for many people, especially Europeans, this is their first exposure to Disney and after it, they will likely be completely turned off all things Disney for life and unwilling to give it another chance. The park was worn down and dirty. I know it's the culture, but people were smoking and littering everywhere despite the posted signs. But the worst was the surly and unhelpful staff. Also, the process for seeing the Princesses was preposterous. You line up for a  reservation  time. You come back later and still wait almost an hour, THEN you get to visit with just one princess, and you don't even get to pick which one. What 7 year old Princess worshipper would be happy with that? The rides were fine, same as elsewhere, but the crowds were ridiculous. I think that in the US, they would have stopped admitting people before it got that crazy crowded. We paid a ridiculous amount of money to stay at the (terrible) Hotel Cheyenne and take advantage of the Extra Magic Hours, but during those hours, only a small part of the park was actually open and most of the rides we wanted to do weren't running yet. It was just a big let down and I know that has to do with expectations, but isn't that what the Disney brand is supposed to represent? I want to blast it all over the internet that people need to stop going there so they will have to make changes, because it was so packed they probably don't even care how terrible it is and they won't as long as they are still making money. It will turn a lot of people off repeat visits though, that is for sure.This place is beautiful. Everybody knows. Kids love it. We love it. All the attractions are engeniered up to the smallest detail. But what if than you are swept away by a crazy crowd that throws garbage eveywhere and screems and push an you have to line up for ages before you can access to anything? Where is the magic going than??? We had such high expectations of the park and were really looking toward to our trip but were bitterly disappointed. Our boys are 4,6 and 13 and were all excited to stay for 3days. We stayed in the Davy crockett ranch which was good but that's where the magic ended. The park was way too busy and nothing like the world you imagine. Poor queuing system for rides (they need to adopt Legolands Q bot system), shocking toilets, rude people Q jumping and smoking in front of children. NO characters anywhere and overpriced junk food. Everywhere you look it's just shops, shops and more shops. We paid a lot of money for three days and I just wish I had put it towards a trip to Florida which sounds like the real deal. You really will have a better time at Lego land, chessington or drusillas. No Disney magic left here. Sorry!Visited DisneyLand Paris August (on a Monday) together with my wife and our 3 year old daughter. Took the train from Paris to Disneyland, approximately 40 mins, 2 metro tickets cost 14.90 EUR (oneway). Children under 4 travel free.We arrived there around 10.30. I had booked the tickets online (59 EUR each, children under 3 free entrance).Just before entering the park, there is a huge security checkpoint, they check all of the bags. There were only 4 queues lines for the security check so they were quite long. Anyway, after about 10 mins went through to the turnstiles to enter the park. Out of about 15 turnstiles only about 6 was open but it was not a huge line to enter the park. Once inside we rented a stroller, 15 EUR. If you take the rented stroller between the parks, you need to leave a 70 EUR deposit ( credit card or cash) and show the form to the turnstiles when exiting one park.The park had more adults than children. The queues for the attractions and rides was full of adults, not kids. Which made the lines longer and at the expense of families with kids. Although on the website it indicated designated smoking areas, there were adults smoking all over the place. It was disgusting. Not even in Paris did i experience so many smokers in one place. And not a single Disney personel to tell them they cannot smoke in un designated areas. I understand even an adult would want to experience Disneyland, but then get them to pay for it rather than just going to every ride at the expense of children.The Disney Park is mostly just shops, with Disney merchandise. Once you enter these you have to buy something, cause it is rather tempting the way they display them. The attractions are not at all what i imagined they would be. Very poorly maintained. Went through the Wild West area, it was just some empty deserted buildings, with nothing interesting to see. I saw 3 disney people wearing cowboy jackets and a toy pistol sidearm. And they were just walking not doing any sort of act. Boring.The Disney castle is tiny, I always imagined it to be much bigger, the way they advertise it.Not a single parade. Where are all of the disney characters ??? where is the magic ??? The spirit of Disney ? I only saw one disney character, Winnie the pooh, the wait time for the queue to see him was about 30 mins. Didn't wait as it was too long. Not one single other disney character was seen for the almost 3 4 hours we walked about and spent in queues. The queue time for the other attractions was a minimum of 30 mins, going upto at least 1 hour for the train rides. The smallest wait time was for the boat ride which was about 10 mins.Ate 3 hotdogs, just a plain bun with an undercooked sausage, 6.80 EUR each. No mustard sauce, just some ketchup.The walt disney studios is the same. Nothing to see, not at all interesting. All of the queues to the attractions are full of adults, the kids have to wait.Would i go again ? No way, absolute waste of money, waste of time and waste of energy. Don't waste your money on this scam, visit some of the other Paris sites like Asterix Park. And enjoy Disney on TV. The park was supposed to be magical, it brought us down to reality.Was a total disappointment.Please read all of this review, it   s written as a parent who went to DLRP with open eyes, not a grown adult with the mentality of a six year old. We paid a lot of money for our stay there (my wife, I and our 6 year old daughter) and there are many things wrong with the resort than are right. I don   t know where to start, so I   ll get the obvious out of the way first, but I   ll come back to one point. Firstly, queues are going to be a given and they are going to be long, end of. Secondly, prices, anybody who goes to DLRP and doesn   t (or even does) expect it to be expensive is deluding themselves and there   s no point in complaining about it, that   s the way it is, end of, get used to it, they want your money, and you   ll give it to them (you already have).OK, the gripes. Firstly, 99.9% of the staff look miserable, bored, and sullen and can be rude. They really haven   t taken on the Disney customer service ethos. It   s difficult to find one who smiles (I saw two or three), they don   t try to make eye contact or speak English, which reminds me of another point thank you. They are there doing their job, they get paid minimum wage and generally give minimum service. The two we had good experiences of went out of their way to help us, and we were very grateful for their help, but they were the exceptions rather than the norm. Secondly, the park looks old, dated, tatty, and a bit worn out. OK, it   s been open 21 years, but it doesn   t look like some of the park hasn   t had a lick of paint since it was opened. The toilets show the signs of well used toilets, often smelly and wet underfoot (I can   t speak for the ladies obviously), but regular checks seem to be lacking.Thirdly, DLRP apparently has a    No smoking    rule in the park, this is woefully disregarded and completely unenforced. Why grown people want to walk around a theme park designed for the enjoyment of children either holding a burning cigarette at child head height or waving it about, or even whilst waiting in the queues, is really beyond me, if you NEED to smoke, go out of the park and do it there for Gods sake, we observed cigarette ends everywhere, and I mean everywhere, it looks disgusting, we even saw children playing with them, which ok, is the parents fault for not stopping them, but if they weren   t there in the first place, problem solved. The smoking issue also cast a dark shadow on our holiday when one of our neighbours across the channel waved his cigarette around, burning our daughters brand new Disney toy, this might seem trivial, but for one thing it cost 26euros and was ruined, and secondly, if she hadn   t been holding the toy the way she was, his cigarette would have burned its way into her eye. Smoking in such a crowded park is an issue DLRP needs to address. Fourthly, queues (again) and rides, DLRP seems to have taken    how to make things not be seen    lessons from the SAS, short queues are deceiving, the real queue is generally hidden from view round a corner until you are actually committed to be in it. The times shown are completely inaccurate, for example, the waiting time for the    Tower of terror    was shown to be 35mins, when in fact it was probably twice that long, the    fast pass    system for that ride had been closed, so it was decided that there was no time for it. The queue for    Crush   s Coaster    ride was 80mins long, again too long for a six year old to stand in. DLRP needs to put some sort of entertainment in place for the long queues, it was suggested in another review that some video screens showing cartoons in the longer queues might be the way forward and I agree. The rides seemed to be poorly maintained, (   Thunder mountain    broke down while we were there and this is apparently a regular thing), and often a waste of time, we queued for near on an hour to go on the    Cars rally    ride, half of the ride   s cars were out of operation, and the safety checks for the ride actually lasted longer than the ride itself. The Carousel de Lancelot, although there was no queue, only lasted a turn and a half, again nowhere near as long as the safety checks. You need to be paying attention if there are any announcements, they will always be in French first and rushed English second (if at all), the first attraction we went through, the spoken parts were completely in French, luckily the queen of hearts really only said one thing, so we could guess, but our six year old daughter? We also took in the stunt show in the studio, the cast members seemed to sometimes forget that they weren   t catering to a completely French audience, forgetting at times to translate, and blabbering away in French while the English were left to guess what they were saying. There was also one point when Lightning McQueen turned up, Mater was on the big screen talking in French while Lightning spoke English, what was the point of that? When we went to the    Armageddon    attraction, the cast member decided that because there were more French people than any other race in our group she would talk solely French and we were left to read the screens to find out what was going on, the attraction turned out to be THE biggest waste of time, avoid it at all costs, it really is time best spent elsewhere, probably the queue for another ride. DLRP needs to decided which language it wants to use and stick to it.The good points were the parades which our daughter really enjoyed and the    Disney dreams    show at park closing time which was utterly magical, but you need to get there well on time to appreciate, again however, it was a mix of French and English talking which seemed a bit pointless. The people who say this resort is a magical, wonderful place are either obviously really easily pleased and as I have said, have the mentality of a six year old, or have too much bloody money and don   t care about its failings. Disney should have walked away from this place when it had the chance. This review will be followed up by an email to DLRP, which if their cast member   s attitudes are anything to go by, will be promptly deleted.This was a long awaited day trip that missed the mark for us. It came at the end of a 5 day trip to Paris and sadly it was a very expensive and disappointing day. Very lengthy queues for all attractions, many at well over an hour and the parks were extremely crowded. There was little accurate information at the start of the rides as to waiting times. We only managed 6 rides across the two parks in 9 hours although what we went on were very good   Rock n rollercoaster was the best. Few visible disney characters around the park.The park in places is looking a bit shabby and needs a facelift. Food was tasty but at 45 Euros for in effect a Mcdonalds meal, this was not good value. Take drinks and snacks.We had visited disney before here and in the States but we wont be visiting again. Our Disney dream is over.I visited here for the day with my husband, mother and 2 children. It was a very hot day, and so understandably there were few characters walking around. The rides were fine, but none really stand out for me   certainly undeserving of the hype they receive   I much prefer those in the theme parks in England. I accept you pay a premium for food and drink in these types of places   but this was just too much. 6 euros for a sausage in a bun without sauce or onions is too much in my opinion. Drinks were also very expensive and warm. I think this is a very over hyped attraction.We have been fortunate to travel to Disneyland in Los Angeles, Walt Disney World in Florida and we just returned from Disneyland Paris. We paid $ 75.00 online for the two park one day pass. My wife, who happens to huge Mickey fan was very excited when plan this trip. When took the train from Paris which was a very nice 40 minute train ride. When you first arrive and see the ticket entrance it is very impressive and  magical . Then when you get inside things change rapidly. For instance, the overall landscaping is very run down. There were even weeds growing in the Storybook ride homes. There are two rides that I was very disappointed in and they were Indian Jones and Space Mountain. They were both just your average outdoor roller coaster. No special effects or 3D effects. I would say the highlight had to be the Pirates of the Caribbean ride and the surrounding areas. If you have never been to another Disney theme park then this would be a great place to go. However, if you have been to the parks in the U.S. you might be disappointed.On one day of our visit we spent over three hours trying to get onto 3 different rides only to be told at some point in the queue they were broken. Big wooden galleon ship which we thought was a safe bet was also, you guessed it, closed... And apparently only opens on weekends... We had seen it open on the Friday and this was a Sunday... So just to recap: Thunder mountainSpace MountainStar ToursOrbitronSlinky DOgBuzz LIghtyear LaserBuzz, Parachute Drop All experienced technical failures during our visit and were closed to the parks' visitors.In terms of hospitality: The staff in the Agrabah cafe were noticeably unpleasant towards us, pointedly removing the cutlery settings from our children ( on half board plan, our two year old infant could have eaten with us anyway) and muttering about the Anglais under their breath when I explained that our children weren't going to eat as they were not hungry; heat and excitement having taken away their appetite. Across the parks, toilets were not a very Disney experience and our comments or complaints were met with a frustrating degree of indifference.After our disappointing last day we spoke to Client services but now have to speak to a separate team to request a refund...I now have a lack of faith in both the safety and the service at the Park and would not return. I hear that Orlando is much better...Not only using this as a comparison with Florida, the cost, cleanliness and service are all lacking.     5.00 for a bottle of water   ridiculous.   Save your money and put it towards a Florida trip.To be fair, my children loved the park as we tended two go early morning and late afternoon while during the midday we stayed at the Disneyland hotel.Everything is totally overcrowded and queuing just goes on and on everywhere.Food and drinks are totally over the limit. Not only is the entrance for a day 300     for two adults and two children but it is very easy to spend an additional 200      on food if you want at least a descent meal. Being to Disneyworld Orlando I felt this was a totally different experience. I found that Paris can not sell you the american dream.The Newport Bay accomodation was dated and in poor maintenance and unclean. The cleaners had a big task so its not their fault, whilst beds were made the furniture  door handles etc were dirty, and there was dust behind the furniture. The sink kept blocking up, the lights failed and the air con sounded like a broken down truck engine if on more than the lowest setting. This shows a complete lack of respect for guests by hotel management and displays only a commercial interest in making money.The French (culturally) was a barrier to the Disney experience. They weren't always the most helpful. I did sometimes have to remind myself that I was in a Disney Theme Park. I expected to see more characters, jesters etc walking around to help create a Disney atmosphere.Food was expensive and not nutritional unless you broke the bank to eat at the Disney hotel.Some good rides and shows but I am not sure all in all that it was worth the expense and time going. What a shame DisneyLand U.S.A has put its stamp to this substandard Disney experience in Europe.We stayed in Newport Bay, we took Admirals floor. Dont ! waste of money, they dont give you anything extra. We got to the park and had a reasonable time despite long queues. We were a bit disappointed with the magic hours as we found that the queues were still large and this was because we the park only has only two zones and even then not all their rides open!!! On the Hotel, we found that the catering was quite poor, the restraunt opened late despite the reservation system (much abused by the staff as a mask to avoid serving half board walk in trade) and the room staff were instructed to only provide one bar of soap, and one toilet roll in a four person room. Cost cutting? The menu in the hotel and the poor quality of the breakfast and dinner, very factory made says so!In park, catering was very poor. we ate in the studio one, servers were idle in one queue while others were rushed off ther feet in others. No team spirit, the cashiers were too slow allowing queues to build, we had the case in every queue of one Spanish person in front of us in the queue at the start and by the time it ended we had at one point thirteen, yes 13 extras psued in. Queue management NIL ! and the food was not fresh! The managers just stood there totally out of their depth. The could learn from McD! One a plus the girls and boys who did serve us were very nice and friendly just badly managed.In all the kids loved the place, they still see the magic. For me the veneer has slipped. Im told the US is not ike this shoddy poor service variant. I guess we will be going transatlantic in future!i have visited disney many, many, many times.... and it seems like every time i go there, one of the big rides break down..... one out the many stories i have: last year when i visited, i looked for indiana jones. we walked around for ages trying to find it with no success. returned to the uk to find out that it had been taken offsite for repair (?????)this year, we looked for the ride, and found it !! we saw a 50 minute wait time, and decided we have to go on it. 45 minutes in the queue and we within the next three cars to go on. the cars go round a couple of times, and one stops dead at the top eof the track, the other returned to the start position and let more people on. they were just locked in, and they were told to get out again, given fast passes to come back again. not one member of staff came to the queue full of people (probably over 150 people at this stage) to tell them what was happening... now over an hour in a queue that didnt move.after another 10 minutes or so, we heard some people shouting from the other car that stopped on the tracks, a member of staff walked very slowly, laughing back at her colleagues, over to the broken down car, and released the safety rails and let the people down the fire escape. they were all given fast passes to come back later. (if it works)still noone told anyone in the queues what happened.after another 20 minutes or so, a member of staff approached the people at the beginning of the queue and quietly explained to them only that the ride had broken down and they were awaitng technical staff to come over.people from further back in the queue came through to the front to leave the queue, and we followed. we had only limited time there and didnt want to waste any more time in the queue that wasnt going to get us on a ride after all.we ended up doing one ride (rock n roller coaster with a 20 minute wait that is well worth it) in two days.We love Disney. For one day, we buy into the dream, the gimmicks, the fun. We've been to both Disney parks in the US and others internationally. This summer, we got to add Disney Paris to the list. We had high expectations based on our other experiences. Ultimately, we had a lovely day, so I can't be too hard on Disney Paris. We loved the castle!! BUT, there were two main problems that we had that really could be fixed. First, the majority of rides were either down all day or not functioning for large parts of the day. Fast pass was useless. We spent a lot of time walking from ride to ride only to find they were closed. Or, worse yet, we'd be standing in long queues for a ride and it would shut down. Second, the staff need to smile, make eye contact, and otherwise appear to like their job. I mean, really, it's Disney!! Many of the ride food staff just looked irritated and distracted. For this reason, I am glad Disney Paris was not our first Disney experience, or we'd be totally turned off. The one exception, was a most enjoyable young man working at the Tower of Terror. The ride had technical difficulty (see above problem) while we were in line and he made an effort to make it fun for everyone. At the end of the day, we approached customer service and reported our experience to them. To their credit, they offered us free tickets to return on another day. The tickets, however, could only be used at Disney Paris which was not an option for us. So, they gave my daughter a small stuffed animal instead. I hope that they listen to feedback and at least try to make some improvements. Smiles are free!Our first Disneyland experiance, and VERY sad to say probably our last.Our trip to Disnetland Paris started off of a very poor footing (see my review for Dream Castle to understand), but that was yesterday, today we start living our dreams, or maybe not.So off into living our childhood dreams we go, the day started out brillantly, I highly recommend the Tower of Terror, the 8 of us who went on it could not stop laughing, it was very well setup and the staff really got into their role playing, an excellant ride.As to was the Rock N Roller coaster, Crush's Coaster and Space Mountain 2, and despite having to queue for all of the rides, we loved them.Then it our dream ride came to a horrible stop, the first one happened after we queued for 55 minutes for the Indiana Jones ride, only to be told that it was now closed due to  technical  issues, so off we went to the next ride (Pirates of the Caribbean) and again, after being in the queue for over 40 minutes.Ok, so these things happen, off to Buzz LIght Year, now the lines are really getting long (mayhap to do with the rides being closed), we were in the line for 70 minutes, and low and behold, the dreaded anouncment comes saying that this to is closed.This patern was repeated on 5 more rides, it's now pushing 9 pm by this time, we have been in the parks since they opened (10am) and have manged to get onto a total of seven (7) rides, the upside is that we all manged to work on our tans whilst standing in the never ending queues, which would have all been great, had we managed to actually get to the rides that we were queuing for.We ended up visiting the Town Hall (office) to lodge our concerns, the poor lstaff at the desk were being attacked from every direction, and our sympathy well and truly went out to them, while they were fending of disgrunted people from amost every corner of the planet.The lady that we dealt with told us the the  technical  issue was to do with the heat affecting the power, which knowing a bit out this type of issue, appears to be an overload to the power system, which seems to have been addressed by the site controllers by  cycling  the power to various rides to ease the demand on the system, rather than just shuttig down one or two rides for the day. After hearing our issues she gratfully gave us some Fast track tickets to both Buzz Light Year, and Space Mountain (these were the rides that we had mostwanted to go on), we left her to tackle a very p'd lady and off to grab our last rides for the day.Well that was our plan, to everyones pure delight (NOT) both of the rides were out of service.This is the point were we all gave up and decided that the hotel was a better option.For our next attempt at such outings, we're thinking of trying one of the Universal or Six Flag attractions, for if this is how Disney runs a park, then we'll be giving them all a massive berth.GaryHaving been to almost all other Disney theme parks, figure I should pay a visit to Disneyland in France as well. I was disappointed. Not too surprise with the line ups or crowd since it was a Sunday. Compared to the other theme parks, this is considered to have attracted less crowds. Rides are mostly same as what you get in the US, with the exception that there were lots of waiting times due to rides down for maintenance.Staff was not happy, enthusiastic, or friendly at this magical place either.Having taken our own Children to Disney World Florida , Disneyland Paris is a very poor second in both location, Staff & actual co ordination of many of the events. Took our 7 year old Granddaughter to have her be upset on several occasions as the Character Guides had the well known Gallic attitude of just standing around as pushy parents blatantly pushed their Child to the front of the queue for character autographs. Did not seem at all interest at the call of many parents to stop letting French children in first and just shrugged their Shoulders and in most cases just turned there backs towards you. Paid extra to stay at the Newport Hotel with the promise of early access to find on one of the days we went down to get in early to Magic Kingdom was told by the Gate Guide that they where not letting in people early that day without any other reason, asked to see a manager and just got the usual gallic Shoulder Shrug which also was the response to all the other annoyed early bird ticket holders. My advice is save up and get a real Disney Experience at Disney World Florida.. As for the food quality the best food on offer was off site at McDonalds if you didn't mind a very long queue which will show how poor the food quality was. On several occasions had to return stone cold food back to the provider where you noticed they just put the food back on the food tray to pass on to another customer who would not probably complain. The last point is I live in Yorkshire and the Weather is really poor in this area of France with a cold wind blowing in most areas of Disneyland Paris. We will not return to Disneyland Paris a very poor place and Disney should really send in management from America to sort out what is a expensive poorly run Disney ParkWe went to Paris Disney having been to both parks in the USA. It was a miserable experience four rides were either broken or developed faults. Drinks were difficult to get hold of after 1800. Almost every queue time was too short in one case by almost an hour. We queued 55 mins for one ride which when we arrived at the front stopped working. It was strange seeing people smoking. In America my overall impression was one of joy and people having fun. In Paris almost everyone was glum. If you have small children this could be fun, everyone else should try other amusement parks.Disneyland Paris is getting very tired. On the day we were there several rides broke down, it didn't help that we had been standing in line for quite some time and then told that the ride had been stopped. The staff were sloppily dressed and unenthusiastic. Food was expensive and awful and service slow and unhelpful. I went to Disneyland in America and it was fabulous, rides worked, staff were friendly and helpful and the whole place magical. Disneyland Paris could do with a bit more magic.If you really want to go, go.But you should know beforehand:1   there is no respect: people smoke in the entire park, although there are areas designated for that. Peolple smoke in the lines, in the face of children(including yours) with that blas   face. The employees did not see it (there are few, comparing to USA). When they do, they do nothing about it, or just do not care.2   People usually cut line. Yep, it is true( I saw a lot of this complaints here in Tripadvisor) .You have to be paranoid in a vigil to prevent this to happen. The staff do nothing as well.3   There are many (not all of course) rude employees. Very rude.4   it is very disorganized. The fastpass not exist in some attractions, and in others there are only few of them.5 the food is expensive (but this is not what bothers me at most)In summary: It is not Disney. Disney means joy, respect, a place for children and adults that go to the park with good intentions, respecting others and with a good spirit. Is not what happens here.I suggest a few things: the first, and best : save your money and go to the U.S., which is the real Disney (can be Orlando or California). The second: if you live in Europe and can not go to the U.S., but really want to go  Disney , be prepared....Paris is such a wonderful city, so do not waist your time here!We went there with our 6year old kid on a Saturday, the 6th July and the experience was a big let down not just because of the long waiting time in queues but also because of the lack of thrills. We only managed to do the Big Thunder mountain, Peter Pans Flight, It's a Small World and Lightyear Lazer Buzz. Big Thunder Mountain was just about ok on the thrill meter, Small World was cute too but nothing much to write home about the rest. We didn't do the Space Mountain due to height restrictions for our child. By the time we finished these rides and a late lunch at a Mexican joint, it was time for the 7pm parade and we were sucked out of energy. The fast pass is a sham, we had 25 min waiting for the LazerBuzz even with a fast pass. I had a ten minute in the queue to collect the fast pass tickets too. The only saving grace was the Mexican lunch. Also buying the 60    premium fast pass doesn't help as fast passes cover only 9 attractions out of 50 odd! You will need a good two days to cover the park and if you are on a very short trip to Paris say three days or lesser just do not bother visiting this place. For someone like me living in Singapore, I would have managed an annual pass to the Universal Studios for the sum I spent here for a day making up for a much better overall experience.Our family of 5, kids ages 9, 12 and 14 spent 5 days in France. We had the idea that Disneyland Paris would be a way to have a kids day and leave the museums for a bit. Maybe even get away from all the smoking in Paris The parks were nice enough and the rides were nice. Space mountain and crushes coaster are very good. Different than the ones in ca and fl. The people working were nowhere near as efficient as I would expect from Disney. We would see trash on the walk ways, people cutting lines, kids playing frisbee near ride entrances and worst of all, smoking everywhere. It almost seemed like Disney was trying to save money and not hire as many people to maintain crowds and keep the place cleanThe smoking pretty much ruined our experience, I asked one employee who was a manager of an area and he told me that even though there are signs for no smoking all over, they just don't enforce it. It's part of the culture he said.I would not go back againDespite glorious weather the visit to the park fell well below the expected standard. The Indiana Jones ride was closed for refurb, Thunder Mountain had a technical problem and never opened, Space Mountain was closed for a short period of time and the Tower of Terror and Peter Pan had a 85 min que as a result ! The fast pass system was not working on some of the rides either. I only saw 1 Disney character in the entire visit who was dismissive of the children that were following. The staff were not very helpful and the best part of the day was Mc Donald's which was good value for money, excellent service but outside the park and not advertised. Not a patch on Florida or LA. don't waste your money   save up and go there instead. Rip off to many people n to many ques n ignorant french folk looking down on ya ,need go through week realy coz we went ov a weekend xHaving lived close to the Orlando Lake Buena Vista Disney for a long time, I was expecting something at least somewhat as good. This park is a joke compared to the one in Florida    and most importantly, not worth the money. Three of the rides, Space Mountain, Pinnocchio and Indina Jones (two of which cater to the older crowd) were broken during our visit. The Buzz Lightyear ride stopped twice while we were on it and the Haunted Mansion stopped once, (why do they seem to think it's ok to have rides do that so much?). A lot of the areas seem like they need renovation, paint peeling off etc and they had a Star Wars ride which is fun but seems terribly dated from the 90s (would be better if redone). Oh and get this, the  dumbo  we sat in on the dumbo ride didn't even go up and down! it was broken. I feel like I wasted about 100 euros what with 15euros parking and buying a few refreshments. Yes, I would still bring young kids here, but this place offered nothing interesting for older guests, especially with so many of the rides being broken all at once! I much preferred my experiences in the Asterix theme park (when catering to an older crowd). Disneyland Paris will have to make some serious renovations improvements before I ever consider coming there again.Having visited Paris for the first time Disneyland has become as greatest disappointment.Extremely expensive, not only attractions but also food, only 3 4 kinds of drinks try to guess whats one.2 3 minutes attraction after 1 hour waiting is it normal?Old, not restored, attractions.The only good is staff, and pretty satisfied children.Rides faulty, rides closed, come on please it costs a fortune and everything MUST be available! Fast passes not working either.Nothing about the magic of Disney translates to this poorly maintained park. Even though only 1 ride was advertised as being closed while we were there (Magic Mountain), during our 3 days, we experienced closures at all the major attractions  Space Mountain, Indiana Jones, Pirates of the Caribbean and the Tower of Terror. Many of the restaurants and kiosks were also closed. Staff exuded irritation and seemed uninterested in doing their job. Bathrooms were dirty and flowerbeds and landscaping in shambles. I would not recommend this park to anyone.Recently i along with my wife visited the park but the park is out dated and is just to entertain the the kids. there is lack of thrilling rides all the rides are boring. the universal studio in singapore is great to have fun butt i felt disappointed with this park. instead of the park the disney studio is very good.We arrived at 10.30am (park opens at 10am for people not staying at the disney hotel) and left at 5pm, in that time we went on 3 rides!.. over 60min queues for everything!, the staff do a good job of getting people on the rides as quickly as possible but this park is way too small for the amount of people that they let through the gates.two rides had technical problems after we had been queuing for 30 mins so that also wasted an hour, food was extortionate! 50 euros for chicken, fries and a drink for 4 people!.toilets were disgusting and the floors were swimming in urine!, no soap in dispensers, very poor by Disney standards!.for the amount you would spend here in a week, save your money and go to Orlando which is in a different league!!A Saturday in August was not the best time to visit. This whole place was full of queues and hardly any of the staff had a smile on their face. Sightings of the characters were few and far between. My little girl was so excited to see Mickey Mouse for two minutes after a nearly 90 minute wait. We saw daisy while we were making our way to a ride. She was making her way to the dressing rooms just behind us and was with a minder. There were very few people around and my daughter was so excited to see her. She wanted to go up and say hello but the minder just ignored her and escorted Daisy off. What an horrible and arrogant thing to do to an excited 3 year old. It's somewhere I had to go, and will again, because the little one loves everything Disney. Clearly, everything Disney does not love the little ones back   just the big ones' wallets.We have been to Disneyland Paris 5 times with our children and usually love it but I have to say that this was definitely the last time! Half the rides were closed and the prices had gone up so much since last year it wasn't even funny. It was roughly   16 for burger and chips a small bottle of water was   4! If you are a family you spend an absolute fortune. We stayed in the Hotel Cheyenne and we had to move rooms 3 times! Firstly the first room they gave us was the wrong one and we couldn't gain entry with the key card and we had unpacked the car and had all the luggage with us. They then moved us to a completely different block which took us ages with all the cases and bags and two children only to find that the second room they put us in already had people in it. We entered the room to find handbags passports and money on the bed it was most uncomfortable so yet again we had to go back to reception only to be moved back to the first block but a different room and they didn't even offer to help with the luggage   we were so annoyed. We were so stressed before we even got to the park with the children. Never again if you have children don't do it but if its a stag or hen weekend its ideal. We are absolutely gutted how bad it was because in the past we have enjoyed it so much.Family members were booked into Hotel Santa Fe at Disneyland Paris 12 16 June. Flights cancelled on day of travel due to air traffic controllers strike. All travel fees refunded in full no issues. HOTEL no assistance whatsoever. Tried to re schedule dates. First told that dates could be rescheduled then quite abruptly told on day due to travel that it would be treated as a cancellation and that I would have to re book another holiday and to claim of insurance. Total lack of understanding compassion or assistance. Be ware of Disneyland hotels in cases of air traffic issues. Make sure you get a full copy of the T&Cs and actually speak directly to the hotel where possible to ensure you understand their policy in cases of strikes etc. Of course great way of generating additional finance getting paid twice for the same accommodationDisneyland Paris and the adjacent Walt Disney Studios are, to say something nice, a second class type of Magic Kingdom or Disney's Hollywood Studios in Orlando, Fl. Terrible food; non friendly, non attentive, non smiling cast members. If you live in the States, save your money and go to Orlando or California.We have just returned from visiting Disney with my family and disabled granddaughter. What should have been the trip of a lifetime for her   turned out to be a 'nightmare'. ~Unfortunately, it seems if you are disabled at Disney then your options to ride become limited. They appear to have a rule that only 1 disabled person can ride at any one time!!!!!!! Therefore, all the able bodied pile on and the disabled have to sit and wait or in our case 'book an appointment'! (I thought you only did that at the hairdressers doctors etc.,) Unfortunately, my little granddaughter requires a wheelchair and does not understand the concept of having to wait and gets very distressed. On the first day we found a lovely ride (small world) it was perfect because they had an adapted boat and we could wheel her right on   she loved it and we went round twice! There were only three rides in the park that she could tolerate, but small world was her favourite. We went back the following two days and had a great experience until FRIDAY! We arrived at the ride and there was a small group of 3 waiting in the disabled queue. We were met by one of the attendants to be told  you will have to make an appointment . My daughter and I looked flabbergasted and asked why because we hadn't done this on the previous three days   so what had changed. She told us we could come back in approx. 1 hour 20 min and waived papers in front of us of what appeared to be bookings. By this time the people who had been sat in the disabled queue had boarded and set off. My granddaughter was getting really distressed and we were trying to calm and reassure her. Then the boat which is designed to carry the wheelchair arrived and we pointed out that this was free and not being used   so why could she not have a ride. Again the attendant waived papers at us and stipulated we needed an appointment!! The three of us left small world in tears! They could not see or acknowledge that this little girl had been left frustrated, distressed and very confused!! The staff do not appear to use what we call 'COMMON SENSE'!!!!!!!!!! Because that's all that was required and a little girls day would have been made and not ruined. Disney overall for the disabled (depending on level of disability) easy to push round, grounds very nice but if wheelchair bound only a few rides available. They all indicate person must be able to transfer themselves! In terms of 'Small World' staff on that particular day   I think 'Walt Disney' would have turned in his grave!!!!!!!!!!!!!Visited for one day   this was our first visit and although daughter aged 4 1 2 loved it   we both thought that it was only worth a one day visit and unless they refurbished it and made it more affordable that we wouldnt ever come back, a number of rides were closed too so that was disappointing including Thunder Mountain which would of been good fun and the Pirate ship. Alot of areas need new rides and a lick of paint, looking very faded now, didnt see Mickey or Minnie either. Dresses cost 60 euros and toys were from 10 euros upwards, food cost 40 euros for 2 adults and one child   a very expensive day out ! In all very disappointing visit.What a disappointment. Having visited the Californian original twice and loved it, this Paris experience was a real let down. The rides were fun, of course, if you could cope with a long wait for each   in the US these queues were entertained by Disney characters, magicians, conjurors, singers, but not Paris where there was absolutely nothing. Indeed most of the staff were grumpy and bored, a total contrast to the buzz and fun generated at the original Park. Many of the rides closed early, so our children were denied to chance to ride the steamboat or take the train which had packed up by early evening (even though the Park was advertised as being open until 11pm.) As for the food   what a joke. Most of the outlets were shut. Those that were open offered long queues for the privilege of enduring very average junk food at fancy prices. Finally, out of desperation, we booked into the Silver Spur steakhouse, where I had a barely adequate steak, my wife's salmon had to go back as it was scarcely warm, the children's skewer meals were just about OK   and the bill was well over   100. Casting round for some upside   we really enjoyed the motor stunt show in the Studios section. This went some way to offset the 30 minutes wait at the ticket booth while sullen and semi competent staff messed about trying to decide whether to accept our fully paid Brittany Ferries Disneyland tickets   they did so in the end. In short, our verdict was simply this   don't bother, save up to go to the real deal Disneyland in California or just enjoy some of the many far better theme parks nearer to home.1. Attractions are fewer and less interesting that Hongkong Disney. Missed attarction like the Lion king show. Car show in Paris was so so.2. People smoke like chimneys. It affected my son who started having breathing trouble. Even after requesting they did not stop. The entire area should be made no smoking zone. 3.There were few officials to ask around. Most carried cleaning pans therefore didn't know if we could ask them. Even when we asked their english speaking and understanding was poor.4. Finally, the worst experiance was when we were travelling from Grad de Lyon to Disney land station by RER. There were no machines that accepted coins (as by then all cards had been stolen earlier). There were no info counters in that area too. A stranger helped us by buying the tickets to Disney. Unassuming and thanking the guy we reached station. When we reached there we realized that the tickets given were not valid to get out. This really broke us. Only after a lot of crying that somebody let us out. Even here, there weren   t any official to help. It was a nightmare as we were robbed of our money earlier.An overall bad experiance of Paris.I grew up going pretty regularly to Disneyland in Anaheim, California (my family lived about 40 minutes from there). I now am pretty ambivalent about Disney and Disneyland in general. As a child, I loved Disneyland and Disney movies and characters, but in adolescence the  fakeness  of Disneyland started bothering me, and now as an adult I realize how important it is to find a variety of options to entertain children (and for them to entertain themselves), and am much more aware that spending a lot of money isn't necessary for children to have fun. The  Disney experience  is so expensive, and many people cannot afford it. We bought a three day pass for the Disneyland outside of Paris and were there in late February 2013. We stayed at a very nice but inexpensive hotel one metro stop away from the parks. It had a kitchenette (including small refrigerator, stove, microwave, tableware, and a mini dishwasher) so we purchased groceries at the nearby E. Leclerc in the mall. Preparing simple meals in our room helped us to keep expenses down. Disneyland was a big disappointment. It was unusually cold and it even snowed; we are from a very cold area in the US and so have plenty of experience dealing with inclement weather, but Disney doesn't. Many rides closed. Lines were long (waits ranged from 45 to 90 minutes); Fast Passes ran out early; adults smoked cigarettes in lines but weren't asked to stop by employees; bathrooms weren't well attended to; and overall for us adults, it wasn't much fun. I don't think that the weather was only the cause of all this. Our daughter thoroughly enjoyed herself  this was her first trip to a Disneyland and she was happy to go on the rides for younger children. She also loved meeting Mickey, and we appreciated the one on one time in the room with  him,  and the photo opportunities. So all that said: If going to Disneyland is your and or your child's dream, go for it. Be prepared for the expense. If you are on the fence about going, or are considering other options, I'd say spend the money and the time on a different excursion.Very disappointed visited Disney, Paris just after Christmas. Stayed in the Sequoia Lodge which was a lovely hotel although the bedrooms are quite basic for the price.The park itself was very chaotic.. there is no queue order people just pushed in all the time. The staff were very miserable and not very helpful at all.After waiting for nearly an hour to get a picture with one of the very few characters available my child was left disappointed when they just left no explanation couldn't even be bothered to see the last of the children waiting! So much for a magical experience..Also, other times you have to push your way in to get a picture for your child because everyone surrounds the characters and pushes in.On one occasion being one of very few English families there we found it very offensive when one staff member shouted to the audience at the beginning of one a rides he asked  is there any English here?  when we answered they then proceeded to say something in French and had the audience laughing! which I can only presume was at our expense!Food and drink was way too pricey for what you get. Double over new year!I believe it is unfair how locals have very cheap yearly passes and it not available to anyone else not worth the money if travelling from uk! Will save up and go to the real Disney next and not its poor relative!We have earnt a degree in queuing with even the small rides taking half an hour before you got on. We were allowed to enter 2 hours early which helped but there were still large queues. The waiting time could be reduced if staff were more efficient in getting people on and off and if the equipment was working properly. We waited an hour for a 2 minute ride on a train with one going around empty and the remaining one had 2 carriages not operating. We ate lunch twice there and the food was awful and expensive   it cost 30 euros for sandwhiches, crisps and a drink for 2 adults and 1 child.The only good experience was the show that takes place just before the park closes.I would recommend that if you go and want to go on the Peter Pan ride use the fast pass option as the average waiting time is 1hr 30 mins and it is not that great. We went years ago and it is still the same.We visited this smaller version of Disneyland during a visit to Paris for our granddaughter's sake. May husband and I have visited the US based Disneyland on two occasions and had a great time, so we had high expectations. We came away disappointed for a number of reasons. It was a lot smaller although designed and based on the same as the US. It was extremely crowded. There were not enough food outlets and those they had were not well run and it took almost an hour to get served. There are not enough public toilets and the ones they have are not that well cared for. There was not enough shade (it was an extremely hot day) and when my 10 month old grandson became ill and my daughter asked if she could sit in a fenced off area to care for him in the shade, the staff were very rude and refused. We only got to go on one ride as the queues were far too long. I have never experienced any of these problems with the US Disneylands. They are run much better. It was very expensive and not worth the money. Only go to this one if you dont have anything else better to do.Overall this is not the same magical experience as the Disney Parks in the US. We had an OK time, but would not spend the money to go back.Positives: We really enjoyed the parades Nice to get into the parks 2 hours early, if you stay in a Disney hotel (note not all the rides will be open) During the early hours can get on some rides, like the teacups, without queuing  Has classic Disney rides like teacups, flying dumbo and magic mountainNegatives: Outrageously expensive Very pushy people in the park, especially at character appearances Lots of smoking   everywhere Dirty and run down Long queues and lots of broken or temporarily out of service ridesTips for a good trip with small kids: Bring water bottles in the bottom of you push chair or in your diaper bag (they looked at the bottles and did not say a word) Easy to bring in snacks for the kids (adults too) fruit cups, crackers, crisps, chocolate buttons etc.    kept the food cost down (at the gate they just asked if these were for the kids and said OK or said nothing at all) There are only a few baby changing facilities, so locate them ahead of time on the map Lots of walking, most kids under 5 will need to spend some time in push chair The train station has a little shop where you can find essentials from cough drops to light snacks and wine (at much cheaper prices) (if you get wine just take the shuttle back to the hotel)We were in Paris for 8 days with our children. Most of our time was spent exploring nooks and crannies of the city or visiting the big sites like the Orsay, Sacre Coeur, and others. But on a lark we decided to try out the Paris Disneyland. Our family is from Southern California, and we've enjoyed numerous trips to Disneyland in Anaheim. We thought it would be a fun addition to an already spectacular stay. We did find ways to enjoy ourselves at the park, but it really took a lot of work. The place simply isn't up to the standard of the US parks, and our time and money would have been much better spent enjoying even more of Paris or the French countryside. I will concede that there are a few bright spots in this park: The design is a nice European update to the standard look of the US parks. The layout is very similar to the US parks, which makes navigation easy. The Space Mountain in Paris is a much better roller coaster than either of the US versions, too. My kids wanted to ride that one all day. But there were several things that just didn't sit well with us:1) Disney parks in the US are obsessive about cleanliness, order, and friendliness to families. Not so in the Paris park. First, there was cigarette smoke everywhere. I get it. We're in Europe. People still smoke a lot. But in a Disney park? Second, there was graffiti everywhere. Third, just like in the old, broken down amusement parks I used to sneak into as a kid, stairways and hallways smelled of urine. Needless to say, the smoke graffiti urine combo made waiting in lines less than pleasant.2) There simply aren't as many rides as in the US parks. The usual suspects are there  Pirates, Space Mountain, Autopia, Peter Pan. But after exhausting those, we went looking for other rides to enjoy, and there just weren't many options. The slim pickings also meant longer queues, with more folks waiting for fewer rides.3) It's suprising to say this about any establishment in France, but the food in the park just wasn't good. The candy apples and other foodstand options were mediocre, and the sit down meals were not much better. The one exception was the cotton candy stand right around the backside of the castle. It was the best cotton candy we have ever eaten anywhere. It's as if they took all the Disney magic out of the rest of the park and poured it into that cotton candy machine. Since our trip, I've spoken to a few friends who have visited the Paris Disneyland, and they all reached the same verdict: A few fun Disney bits, but a pale imitation of the real Disneyland. All of them agreed that they wished they had spent their time doing something else.Too expensive, too busy and looooong waiting ques. Some attractions had waiting ques of 90 mins (!!!!). Did we pay 170     for three people to shuffle like sheep in the waiting lines??? Been to Florida and HongKong; much better organised. The  parade  was nothing more than a lorry with some jumping Puppets on it. Terrible; never, never again to this place. Disney goofed! The location is easy to get to but it is located too close to France's favorite French theme park. So mostly people from other countries such as the Netherlands are in this park. Smoking is allowed. The food was not good. The staff speaks a variety of languages so this is not an issue. I would not go back. Prices are super high !!!I went here twice.Once I went at late August, the weather was perfect. I don't mind trying all the rides and queuing for them.Then I went in March, the weather was biting cold. Walking to and from attractions is a painful chore.In any weather, I can say that there's only 6 attractions that is worthwhile for adults. And in 8 hour streak, the lines can be so bad that I get only one ride in each of those attractions.I've dine inside and can say that I regret that decision. With the same money I've paid per person, I could've added another 5 star restaurant in the city to enjoy.Many rides and eateries were closed, place had a run down, neglected feel. Walk ways were like ash trays, littered with cigarette butts. Very few character appearances. Sad copy of the real thing.I worked in Eurodisney 20 years ago when I was a Student. I decided to come back this year with was my children aged 6 and 8. What a disappointment!!!!! We arrived on a very warm and sunny Sunday, probably the first one of the year. We stayed in the hotel NewYork where the check in, despite being very busy, was done in an efficient manner. All was well until we entered the park which was crowded (beyond capacity in my view). Every attraction showed between 50 and 60 minutes wait. A  fast pass  system was on offer which consisted in reserving a time slot and booking a ticket for the attraction in advance. when I went to book the tickets for the attractions, I soon found out that the earlier slot available was 2 hours later. This meant that we were not able to go on any attraction for the first 2 hours, so we decided to have a bite to eat instead but we soon found out that every restaurant (mostly fastfood that we don't particularly like) were totally packed and required a good 30 mns of queueing) we gave up that as well and looked around for somethingelse to do which did not require more than 10  15 minutes of queueing. We found a few things here and there without much interest, such as the visit of a crowded pirate ship and a dusty treehouse. It was finally time to go to to Star tour attraction. I was totally amazed to see that the film showed ( with a few effects) was exactly the same as 20 years ago. Same for the pirateship. It soon became apparent that most attractions were exactly as they were 20 years ago, nothing has been modernized and as a result the overall impression is of a dusty dated place with decors and automats that are outdated. The only available places to go without queueing are the Disney shops present all over the parc and village. I would have preferred to see more attractions and amenities and less shops. The Disney culture seems to be  milk people as much as possible with the least investment possible. ur concierge at the hotel recommended a restaurant for dinner called the Blue lagoon, apparently one of the most decorated one in the parc, it turned out to be one of those tacky places yet again totally outdated where one eat in the dark surrounded by fake coconuts and boats that are passing by and waving whilst we are eating. The food (mostly fish) was not fresh, and clearly reheated frozen food. terrible, except for the nice waiter who did make an effort and was lovely. i could go on and on with the bad experiences we had, such as queueing 20 minutes for an attraction and finally reaching the front of the line, to be told by microphone that  the attraction due to technical problems is now closed  ... There were a few good things worth mentioning though, the newest part of the parc called the Studios, were much less crowded and rather nice. the attraction in the hotel tower is absolutely great and so is the show at 11h30 which shows how to film an action movie with cars and motorbikes chases involving water fire and all sort of special effects. One last thing to mention which was also very difficult to swallow, is that despite charging 79 euro for an adult day ticket in the parc ( price for guests not staying in the hotels) There are still a lot of places where people have to pay extra, hot air balloons, giant balls on the ice ring etc...one thing is sure we will never come again, instead we will return time and again in Europa parc which in my view, despite being more expensive, offers a much much better value for moneyWe have been to Paris Disneyland before, our last being a few years ago. We have enjoyed each visit, would not hesitate to return and we were looking forward to our first visit with grandchildren.We were there for 4 nights from 10th 14th April and experienced same disappointments each day, rides continously breaking down, long queues for everything with people pushing in and not enough staff (especially weekends), many have no interest and bad attitude.The children loved the characters when you could find them but there was no organisation for photos and signatures with everyone pushing their children to get in first and then they would leave with no warning.If you plan to go with small children then 2 nights is enough and keep them to weekdays, keep patient and keep smiling although this will be a challenge at times. If you can spend some time beforehand to be familiar with the parks with what you would like to do then this will help save some time but unless you want to pay for all day fastpass then you can only have one fastpass at time and depending on demand the time between getting the pass and using it could be up to 3 to 4 hours. We planned our last ride on Thunder Mountain with fastpass before returning home and when we got there it had broken down!! The brochures and adverts make it to be a magical place but this Disneyland has lost it's magic. I have written to Disneyland customer care (?) but not holding my breath for a reply.We pre booked our ticket online (cheaper and less queuing time) which granted us access to both parks. Easy enough to find your way round, however be prepared for long queues. And don't forget that you will spend A LOT. We went to Aladdin's Moroccan buffet for lunch and paid nigh on 30 Euros EACH for the buffet and a drink which FYI tasted awful. If you are wishing to purchase any merchandise, then don't expect to pay less than 20 Euros. I travelled with my boyfriend and we are both 24 and 26, the fantasy land is more kid orientated   we preferred the Universal Studio park which had bigger and better rides. Disney Princess outfits are going for 70 Euros! I read that Euro Disney loses millions each year, which I think explains the ridiculously inflated prices. Never in my life have I paid so much   you wouldn't at Florida. Having said that we had fun being big kids for the day but would not return.What a nightmare!!! It is so overcrowded! Sometimes you have to wait one hour or more and the attraction last 1 minute! Exemple : indiana Jones.The attractions are great, but if you go on a week end it's a real nightmare. You spend your time waiting in huge queues... It's nearly impossible to find a place to sit. So many people are sitting on the pavement... And their fastpass tickets is a joke, you take your ticket and need to wait 2 hours... so you go eleswhere...Be prepared for a looooong day when you go there...It will always be the case, a European Disney is just there to take your money, the majority of staff just do not care, the minority would get a job in the US. The ice cream store on Maine Street staff were worse than sullen with an attitude that stank, no patience, little manners and no complaints procedure.We went as a family of 7 for twins 5th birthday, most of us were very disappointed with Disney hotel and park, which turned out to be a money making rip off, inferior buffet meal in hotel at 29.99 euros   approx.   29. 90, each, was substandard, we expected better for French cuisine. Bar prices were extortionate   6 for a glass of lagerThe park was no better than any of our theme parks and everything was incredibly expensive in the park   5.90 for a tub of popcorn and queues for rides incredibly long most rides were exceptionally short and lasted less than a minute.I have visited Disney in America, and this is definitely the poor relation. We won   t be going againWe chose Disneyland Paris as our honeymoon destination as it had always been my wife and children's dream to visit there favorite characters! Having bought some autograph books from the hotel we went on a mission to see all the characters and get them to sign the books and maybe have a photo! On our first day in the park we got just one autograph and photo yep just one! You see the characters are only there for about 5 mins before they are shewing children away like animals! This happened to my wife and children on 5 occasions! We was very disappointed as without the characters Disneyland is just another theme park! Which quite frankly I could have saved a fortune staying in England and going to one of out theme parks! Oh and the toilets are disgusting! My 4 year old little girl said she couldn't wait to get home so she could use a clean toilet!!Very disappointing place. We spend 3 days there but could have done it in a day. There are 4 rides that are worth waiting around for and even they are not particularly high octane. The staff vary from sullen to obnoxious, there are 4 shops selling overpriced novelty crap, for every one place to eat and by the way, the food is horrendous and a rip off. I left Disneyland Paris feeling very cynical.They should pull it all down after 20 years and start again! Preferably in another country.Apart from rides not working due to 'technical difficulties', Staff with attitudes that would make Walt turn in his grave, the whole place could do with a lick of paint! 3 times we queued for rides ( at least 30 mins.) and 3 times when we approached the front we were told it was closed due to technical problems. Three separate days of queueing for the Backlot Tour at 5.15 each evening ( the park closed at 6) it would be shut down due to problems. and never re opened. The problem,IMHO,was that the staff wanted to go home early! The queues on most of the rides would be halved if they bothered to fix the broken cars. You'd think they would do this overnight, but no, the same cars would be out of action the next morning. Even a lot of the staff that were 'part of the ride' didn't get into the Disney atmosphere of things as they do in Orlando. In my opinion the French need a good kick up the rear and get their act together. After all, they are representing the great legend of Walt Disney!In contrast, the Grandchildren absolutely loved it, especially getting the Characters' autographs!!Certain aspects of the trip were nice,the parade would have been good if we were able to see it. some of the rides would have been ok if we'd not had to queue for over an hour for each and the food was ok if it hadn't been at an astronomical cost It was march and still mobbed, thousands of people in a very small area. People were rude and aggressive because of this, adults pushing children out of the way to get a better view of parades. There were no characters roaming the area as we expected. Overpriced and overrated. Grandparents don't get talked into it.Having stayed at this park five times previously,we have seen how it has deteriorated. There used to be shows and also actors playing out scenes in various locations around the park. Now there is nothing. We stayed 11 13th March when it snowed but no effort was made to clear paths or get rides ready. Lots of attractions were closed or opened late, even the indoor rides. People were walking around wondering what to do with their time. We saw many people slip on the snowy paths. There are an abundance of shops selling overpriced goods in which people were crowded trying to keep warm. The cost of food is ridiculous. We had purchased food vouchers in advance which saved us a little bit of money. I would suggest eating at a restaurant that serves buffet so you can eat as much as you want. The Plaza restaurant was good in the Magic Kingdom as it caters for vegetarians as well. You need to book a time. We stayed at the Newport Bay Club this time. Previously we stayed at the Santa Fe. Our room was nicely decorated but a double bed is a little small for us as neither my husband or myself sleep that well. Our granddaughter enjoyed having a bed all to herself though. The swimming pool was too cold to play around in. We ate breakfast at 7.30am. Any later than this and you would have to queue. It was good to be shown to a table and to keep going back to the buffet. At the Santa Fe we had to get all the food at one go and then find our own table. Drinks were really expensive in the bar. We won't be going back to disneyland Paris again I don't think.My partner and I visited Disney between the 10th and 14th of march for part of my 30th birthday celebrations, in the build up to our visit we were really excited and really looking forward to a great holiday.Day one was great, we jumped on some of the great thrill rides and saw the Disney dreams light and firework display which was brilliant especially as it started to lightly snow.We stayed in the Cheyenne hotel, budget hotel with continental breakfast which was fine, I quite liked it, but a double bed which is just bigger than a single bed with a near solid mattress is a bit of a joke, plus I know it's a Wild West themed hotel but a little more light in the room would have been great, the shower however was great.Day 2 4 however is where the fun (or severe lack of) started, rides closed or broken (with no sign of any maintenance staff doing anything), severe icy pavements with no body attempting to clear it or grit it until Wednesday, when asking the staff about ride openings you just got blank looks followed by I don't know, all you could really do was shop or eat and at their prices (expensive to exstoshinate) that vary in all the different stores and restaurants.That's not what I went there for plus to make things worse the French park visitors were horrible irritating obnoxious and extremely rude and I nearly ended up punching a few of them.My advice, avoid Disneyland Paris at all costs!!!!!!!! This being the 20 th anniversary of the park or should it be the 20 th anniversary of no improvements.The park is showing signs of wear and needs some innovation , and something new.Apart from the parade during two days I was there I saw three characters, where were they ?Food was expensive and limited in the park.For the time of year queues were horrendous and the changeovers were slow.Frankly Legoland is nearer and better value, but without the Magic.Arrived on tuesday 5th march my self my husband daughter her husband and three grandson's 10 4 and 10 month's, third time in paris plus twice in florida, after a long journey we arrived at the park which was full to capacity french holiday travel company didnt tell us,but still we made the best of it .20 years celebrations and it looks 20 years old very tired not well kept pavements cracked and broken everywhere, paintwork needs doing everywhere, buzz lightyear pizza planet closed, snow white ride closed, pirates of the Caribbean closed ,12 euros per day to hire stroller, back lot tram ride closed, 2.99 euros for small bottle of water everything was mega expensive queues were massive 90 mins for a 4 min ride on peter pan which was completely in the dark where was london , the place needs a complete over haul all the rides need refurbishment apart from the very new ones parades brilliant most of 'cast and crew' unhelpful some nice not many the light show on the castle fantastic but 3 hot dogs in stale buns and 3 bottles of water cost 26.97 euros absolutely disgraceful disney get a grip and lower your prices you are exploiting those who have made you what you are, children, and the parents who bring them to your park, my family wont be back also people smoking everywhere .February half term for UK and France you would think most attractions would be open,but no,several restaurants were closed, some toilets were closed, several rides were closed, including the train round the outskirts of the park, so it was a case of you will walk if you want to go anywhere.We queued for over 30 mins to go on the Dumbo ride which had two dumbos covered over and not in use just as we got to the front of the queue the ride broke down and a family were stranded 20 feet up,the fire brigade had to rescue them. We then queued for Thunder Mountain, fourty mins into the queue, guess what, that broke down stranding people in their carriage,attraction closed. The weather was freezing so you would have thought there would be plenty of places selling hot drinks but no. As in my last review of this place,the park was a disgrace, litter around the rides looked as though it had been there for weeks and again the park was covered with cigarette ends, I can say this with certainty that some French people were smoking in the queues for the rides and not one Cast member challenged them. All in all very disappointed with Disneyland Paris I would rather have spent my   2000 somewhere else. Every time I say never again, this time I mean it.Hi,I visited the park in a motorhome in Jan. They offer very little facilities NO water or electric. They have showers available but tell you that they are only for the bus drivers. When in the park it was packed and the ques were very long (over an hour) and in the bitter cold (not Disneyland fault) it sapped the fun my five year old had. With a warmer wind I'm sure we would have enjoyed the park more.However there are better parks in the UK for less money! Sandwiches are essential as even a burger and chips for three cost nearly   40!The park was crowded, with only a few Fast Passes. We got to go on only a few rides and we just were too tired from waiting on the long lines. After about 8 hours and about 6 rides, we just gave up and left. The few rides we did go on were fun.Big queues and absolutely ridiculous prices for food and drink. Seriously, If you think food drink prices are bad in UK theme parks     be prepared for a shock.Whole areas closed. Individual rides closed. Rides breaking down. Very few rides open till 10:00 even though guests of Disney hotels are told it opens at 8:00 for them.I booked a trip for my daughters and myself to Disneyland Paris so we could have a break from all the stress of a family bereavement. Last time we visited was around 15 years ago when the park was quite new and we had memories of it being pretty magical. Since then we have gone to the California park many times and always enjoyed it, so it was with fairly high expectations that we headed off this weekend.The first thing we noticed was that the  clientele  was vastly different from before. Yes, there were many perfectly nice family groups from France, Germany, UK, Netherlands etc but it seems the park is now attracting a lot of low life types roaming the park , mostly Roma type men in their 30s from Eastern Europe. I would question their purpose in being there as they certainly weren't there for the rides. You'll spot them by their uniform of shiny puffa bomber jackets, jeans and trainers and strong cigarettes (in a non smoking park).We did the usual rides in Fantasyland, Small World was good and probably better than the USA one, Carousel was ok, Snow White, Pinocchio were fine, Peter Pan had a technical problem so we couldn't go on it. Heading off to Adventureland we were really disappointed to see that the Pirates of the Caribbean was closed as that was the main attraction we had wanted to see. No mention of this anywhere before going into the park. However the Haunted Mansion was excellent with great detail.We had Hot Chocolate and Cookies in the morning at the Cable Car Bake Shop for 10 Euros which heated us up in the biting cold. Never underestimate the cold here, it is bitter and really chills you through. Later we had some fries at the Chalet de la Marionette, one of the few cafes where you can buy individual items instead of a full set menu..... this is difficult usually as it's very much burger, nuggets etc which doesn't work well if you have vegetarians in your group. So healthy eating wasn't a feature of the day.....Later on, we realised that Peter Pan was operational again so we joined a long queue. It was bitterly cold by then so I left my daughters waiting for the ride and I headed off for a coffee back to the Cable Car Bake Shop. I was aware that a man was standing right up against me, far too close to me in the queue, So I paid for my drink and sat down at a table, opened my bag to check everything and of course my purse had been stolen with cards and cash all gone. Yes, by the puffa jacketed dodgy Eastern European in the queue. So the evening ended in City Hall, reporting the loss, with a snowball's chance in Hell at getting anything back. Sadly, the magic has gone, along with my purse. Which is why I find myself at CDG airport penniless with my kids having to buy me a sandwich....Just got back from a 2 night stay in the sequoia lodge at Disney with my young boys. I spent six months believing the hype and so did the boys , we were really excited. What we found was a highly skilled business aimed at squeezing every possible euro from children's parents. The staff at the hotel were not rude but completely bland and not at all enthused or welcoming. disney had clearly run several offers at the same time and he park was absolutely packed. The parks could best be described as a shop with the odd ride. We were advised to purchase a character breakfast which I did, the food was a buffet and was very average bordering on poor, the odd character comes out and works the room. This involves 1 2 minutes with your children for a photo.   66 euros please... That's for 2 adults a 3 year old and a four year old. It must be noted though if we had not done this the boys would not have seen a single character other than on the parade. The parks were absolutely packed , try explaining to a 3  4 year old they had to queue for over a hour for a ride, nightmare. In two days we went on 7 rides, the best by far was buzz light year , which was good. I spent over   400 on spending money for 2 days and this was really just food , it's a rip off. Every British parent I saw was fed up , the kids were hyped up and massively disappointed I will never return and to be honest makes me wonder if Florida is the same. A truly cold, miserable and expensive day out... We can honestly say, we didn't see anyone smiling, adult or child! Most of the rides were closed so parts of the park were empty which only added to the mob of people in the other areas! It was so cold we decided to get some food, what an experience queuing in the theatre building near Space Mountain! Lunchtime, shelves empty, one till serving two lines of VERY grumpy people took over an hour, food was lousy once we eventually!! Found a seat. 14 euros for a burger, fries, brownie and coke. Pirates of the Caribbean closed, Space Mountain closed amongst others.... A very expensive (95 euros for two) waste of a day, there's a reason California and Florida make the magic happen... people smile in the sunshineThis was my third visit to Disneyland Park and in those 7 years nothing has changed except the extortionate prices. After visiting the LA park earlier this year, i was exited to be in DIsneyland again abit its European sister. But was disappointed form the moment we arrived to hear that nearly half the attractions where closed and there was nothing new since my last visit 5 years a go.The problems with Disneyland:   Rides: There is not enough. Unlike the LA park which is packed to the rim with attractions, Paris has the same old tired rides. They need dramatically updating, for example Star Wars in on the OLD version still, And there was so little rides for the amount you pay which lead to...  Q times. Because of the lack of rides there was outrageous queue times of over a hour for everything in the park. Even though the park was not busy (i'm talking about a quarter capacity). This is either because of the lack of rides or high capacity rides, and the lack of...  Shows. There was none, Literally 0. Its cold (or hot if your lucky) and you want to sit down for half a hour in a warm place watching a show... tough. There is none. No 4D experiences like its sister parks (the muppets) or live shows (festival of the lion king)... nothing.  Prices. The whole park is just a joke.   4 for a coke,   4 for a coffee,   70 for a hoodie, Who pays these stupid prices. They was laughable at times. That on top of your overpriced ticket and hotel it all adds up wishing you went to Disney World instead.   Staff. Simply there was none. No one at the info board, no one with the character to talk to the kids. Two staff running a ride leading to slow boarding times. It was obvious the whole park was understaffed. GOOD POINTS  The Disney Dreams show. A mix of fireworks, projections and water in front of the amazing castle. What more could you want. The show is truly amazing and gives you shivers every time (and that was not just the snow we had).   The theme. The d  cor is great at DLP and carried out well through the whole site.   The staff. Even though there was a lack of staff, the ones there where present and helpful. So, if you are wanting a cheap Disney trip... think again. I would suggest spending a little more and visit Disney World or DIsneyland Calafornia for a better Disney experience because once you paid the overpriced hotel and drinks food charges it cost just as much.My wife and I just came from Disneyland earlier and I have to say I was a bit disappointed. I've been fortunate enough to visit all the Disneylands so my review is relative to the other parks. If I have to compare I would rate the Paris disneyland on the bottom part. It's still disneyland with most of the funfare which only a disney park can bring but in terms of service it was well below par. There were a lot of attractions that were close. Also, almost half of the food stall on the park seemed close and on the main food court there was a long queue on the line since there was only cashier open to accommodate all the guests. They could have at least added an additional staff there. I'm not sure if it's because it was a weekday or if because there was a slight snow during the morning but it still doesn't excuse the other food stalls to be close (I would understand some of the attractions closed if there are snows or rains). If this is a normal practice by the management on weekdays or low volume days then they should at least cut some of the rate their charging. Btw, I've been to other disney parks on weekdays and never had this experience. The other two things that really disappointed me is that they seem to allow or are very lax on smoking in the park. I actually saw a lot of people and even mothers smoking in the park (while on queue, walking on the park, etc). You would expect the Park management would be strict about this given it's a children's park for crying out loud. The other major disappointment is that it felt to me in general (not all though) the staffs didn't show that usual hospitability and approachability that all disney staffs are known for. I asked a staff for some direction and didn't even bother to look at me much more smile. I felt that he's not really in to his work. Even some of the staffs who help on managing the people during the parades were not smiling. I never had these type of encounters from the staffs on other disney parks.If you haven't been to a disney park this should be ok but if you've been to one, you might get disappointedIn comparison with its bigger sister in Florida this parc is very small, the rides are again limited, Space Mountain was our favourite, plus the runaway train ride.The food and drink prices are pretty expensive, the car park now is about    15 for the day which again is another liberty.The queues for the rides can be rather long, avoid school holidays, we went early July but you still can't avoid them. The fast pass ticket services was giving rides times around two hours or so further on, as the rides are limited this hampers your movements, avoid the Railroad as you initially enter the parc, you can walk to the far side quicker.With the recession gripping all and sundry the parades are shorter plus character meets are few and far between.Go to Disney World Florida is my advice, is miles better than Eurodisney.Snow and Ice everywhere! I dont expect even Disney to control the weather, but why could they not shovel it off the paths so that we would not struggle walking and pushing buggies through ice!? Give Mickey a spade and get him working? Get the French workers to turn up a few hrs early and get them doing something! Basic attention to detail lacking in managmentI came with very little idea of what to expect, but definitely skeptical. We have a 4 year old and a 2 year old, so this was for them. To be fair, the weather was pretty unpleasant....bitingly cold and at times drizzly. The temperature hovered around 1 or 2 degrees all day and a lot of rides were closed due to ice and snow. The upside of this was that queues were short or nonexistent. The longest we waited was in the Princess Pavilion (20 mins) ....not even knowing that we were queueing for the kids to be photographed with a princess.....and then ushered out the back door! What a monumental disappointment and waste of time that was. Fortunately it gave us a chance to defrost (toes had become numb waiting for Dumbo) and for the kids to share a sandwich for lunch.Captain EO deserves a mention as the most ridiculously absurd time waster of the lot. Don't go there. It's a Small World was a favourite with the kids..and even I found it mildly entertaining..and as there was no queue we did it twice. Phantom Manor and Peter Pan were hmmmm....OK, pas plus. Space Mountain was not my cup of tea, but my husband loved it....fast and furious!The 5pm parade was nice for our 4 year old....2 year old was fast asleep by that time...but not exactly outstanding. What I found most intriguing was how the dancers and characters managed to look so genuinely enthusiastic and cheerful despite having to leap about in the freezing cold singing something about 20 years of Disney magic, knowing they have to do it day in, day out......and are more than likely paid a pittance for it.On the up side, the park was clean and I found the staff we dealt with to be pleasant enough. I certainly wouldn't ever return....unless my children begged and pleaded with me to...when they're quite a bit older.We paid 70    for the 4 of us on a weekday...the 2 year old of course being free...& the 4 year old having free admission as part of the 'buy one adult get one child free' deal. So essentially my husband & I paid 35    each for the day in Disney Village. I believe the usual price for a non dated ticket is 60 or 70    per adult. I just can't believe people actually pay that much money to visit this place! It's mind blowing.Anyone thinking of going to Paris Disney over the next few days and wanting to ride the best rides may wish to reconsider. The following closed. Pirates of the Caribean, Indiana Jones, Space mountain closed down halfway during the day, mark twain boat, lake frozen, big thunder mountain. Basically most of the outside rides. There were not may characters about no outside shows and a lot of restaurants closed. We know Disneyland cannot control the weather but they can control prices and at 79 Euro entry is was a disappointment. Lucky we got the day park hopper and went over to the newer Walt Disney studios where there were two roller coaster rides and the twilight zone ride that were all quite good. The 20 year parade at 5 pm was very nice to watch. Having been to this park before it is not up with the usual stds. Ride times queues underestimated broken seats on rides, food cold etc. I'm trying to be positive but it was a letdown. My advice would be to try and confirm that the snow and ice is cleared away before venturing to the parks or be prepared to wander around in the cold and see the park in a new light. Check the website before leaving to see what is open.Paying for parking when there is nowhere else around. The cost of entry for a family was very high and the cost of food considering they have your undivided attention was also very high. even bottled water was expensiveWe stayed at the main Disneyland hotel. Very expensive. The hotel is managed by process, and fails to manage the huge numbers it holds. Restaurants, charging   80 a head, have serving staff with absolutely no idea how to deal with such standards. It has no feeling of individual care. You are a number.It pains me to write this, but if you have been to the orignal Disneyland in Anaheim, skip Disneyland Paris. It looks like Disneyland, smells like Disneyland but isn't what Walt dreamed of. The suits have taken this place over and although the buildings are beautiful, there are little nuances that those like me will notice. Such as no trees in the hub. Attractions such as Pirates with some figures that should be in a dark ride or have been purchased from a broke amusement park! Queues for some attractions look like they are left over from the original 1950s Disneyland and there were no cast members even on a heavy day with guests to guide the guests when there were long lines. People do smoke in Europe much more than in the US but in Disneyland Paris, it made me think it was a health aid and it did not add to my enjoyment of the Park by having people blow smoke on me. Not a little but a lot. But I know this isn't DLPs fault as they have to let everyone enjoy themselves or they won't come.Overall, I will pass next time in Paris on visiting and confine my visits to the original Disneyland.We went for a 3 night stay at Eurodisney week before Christmas. Have been before and enjoyed a magical experience as per other reviews.However for Christmas time, there was a special Christmas magic missing and we left with a disappointing feeling, given how magical this could have been. For example, we queued up for one and a half hours to see Santa at a far corner of the park, with no entertainment for the kids whilst they were waiting. And the parades were not as good as previous, with the kids disappointed not to have seen more of the Disney characters.So probably won't return next year, will try Lapland instead.I've never been to any of the Disneyland parks although my partners been to both the Paris and Florida ones 'back in the day' so she was very excited at the opportunity to introduce me (a natural cynic) to the magic of Disney.Yeah... OK, so we arrived by train from central Paris bang on 10am   about a 50 minute journey   and quickly passed through the security scanning. We'd bought our tickets online in advance so we didn't have to queue for them and we made our way to entrance where we were quickly scanned into the park.The first impression was that this was going to be everything that was promised with a large sign illuminated with fairy lights leaving you in no doubt where you were and celebrating 20 years of Disneyland Paris. You went under the sign and the view opened up to Main Street USA with Sleeping Beauty's Castle at the end, possibly one of the iconic images of the Disneyland Parks which even on an overcast December day didn't fail to impress and make me to revert to a giddy child when mixed with the jingly jangly festive music...Unfortunately this wasn't going to last. We decided to go on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride first so made our way across the park only to be told that it wasn't currently operating due to a 'technical problem' although it may be opened later. Disappointed we headed over to the other big ride in that area, the Indiana Jones Temple of Peril only to find the familiar park staff blocking the way and when questioned we were again informed that the attraction was closed due to 'technical problems', when questioned whether any rides were actually operating I received a shrug in response. The magic of Disney was quickly fading.Every ride had queues and, speaking to my partner, a lot of them seemed to be pretty poor relations to their UK cousins. To be honest, my own impression was that once you got past the initial glitter it looked a bit tired with fading paint and old fashioned malfunctioning rides (both the Haunted House and Buzz Lightyear rides stopped for some reason whilst we were on them)The fastpass system was OK but you could only get one ticket at a time and couldn't get another until the previous one had expired. The ability to get on rides in minutes was in reality about a 20 minute wait rather than the 60   90 minutes it would have been otherwise but you often had a hour plus between getting the pass and your time slot opening.I expected people in Disney costumes to be everywhere but in reality we only saw Goofy and apart from on the rides there wasn't really anyone 'in character'.My disappointment as a first (and probably last) time visitor for Disney was compounded by the fact that my partners expectations as a previous visitor were so high. I can definitely think of many other things I would rather have spent   100 (  travel   drinks   food) on.The whole park seems to be in a bad state of repair, saving cash seems to be the number one objective.If you have been to the real Disneyland in the USA you will not be impressed by the accommodation, entertainment or food, lots of over priced items and additional bits and pieces to take your cash off you.We booked the main American steak bar one evening for a special treat expecting ( An American big steak ) not to much to ask I thought, the food went straight back, worst steak I have ever seen, American steak Bar %^&&((&%% . I could have payed extra for a larger and better quality steak of course.Not impressedOkai it's fun and nice and all you want magical blabla...  But come on please don't come to Paris only to go to disneyland. That is ackward.One of our reason to stay at Marriots Village when we visit Paris is proximity to Disneyland. However, we were quite dissapointed with our experience. We have been to Disney California and our expectation are high.We bought 2 day passes to enter both parks. The escalator from the parking lot does not work both days going and coming out. It was a long walk until you really get to enjoy all the rides. The roof covering the walkway from the carpark is leaking badly and it was raining during our visit with water driping like a drain from the ceiling.Some of the rides are closed for maintenace. The staffs are not friendly or informative as a Disney employee should be. This is a land of dreams and imagination and we expect all employees to act their part throughout our rides. They are not enthusiastic or proud of the character the are asuming be it as a ride attendant or salesmen at the many souvenier shops. Maybe we are spoilt by the atmosphere we feel in Disney Anaheim.......the costumes, the greetings and the enthusiasm.The ride to visit the studios to see how films are made is a real ripoff. The TV monitor are not working properly and some transmission were cutoff that makes the narration and the sight we are seeing off tangient. the show are lame and not worth the time spent waiting in the cold for the ride.The furnishings in the theatres are old and threadbare. However we did enjoy the shows put on even though we can see the cobwebs on the ceiling.We felt cheated for the cost of Euros 770 we paid for 2 days 2 park for the 6 in the family. We will not recommend you to visit this park. If you want a real Disney experience, go to Anaheim California, not this half bake park. Its a shame to the Disney trademarkThis park is certainly not up to the standards of the Disney resorts I visited in Florida and California (FL as a Child, CA as a child and adult). Disney is a company that prides itself on excellent service, and you don't find it here. Yes, I realize it is Disney, yes, I realize it is Paris, so yes I realize it's going to be expensive. However, what goes on here is over the top, bordering on extortion. Hot water and a Tea Bag (not a good brand, either), well over 3 EUR, Bottle of Diet Coke for 4, Beer for 7? Not to mention the food options and quality are just not there. At other Disney locations you can get a wide array of culinary options, the food choices were limited here and they were expensive. Toilets were not clearly marked. Yes, they give you a map, but when you've got a 5 year old and 2.5 year old who need to go immediately, it's not always conducive to check the map. The restrooms were unsanitary in many cases and baby changing facilities were poor non existent, which I found odd for a park that caters to children. I only found changing facilities in a few men's rooms and it was a cold metal slab, luckily we had a blanket. Smoking is not limited to designated areas like it is at theme parks in the UK and US: Smokers can light up anywhere and they are rather rude about doing so. Even areas where smoking was not supposed to be allowed, such as in queues for rides or shows, the staff did not enforce the smoking ban. All in all, this Disney park has a long way to go before it is worthy of the name Disney.After spending so much time in the Disney flagship park in Anaheim, we were very surprised to see Disney Paris looking so rundown and somewhat shabby on the edges. In Anaheim, there are cast members constantly maintaining the bathrooms, the streets and every little nitch of the park. If there is chipped paint on the teacups, there is someone there at midnight to repaint. Not so in Disney Paris. Again, the bathroom smell could make you throw up, and it didn't look like maintenance had been there in a week! The painted railings for the queues were all worn off exposing the bare metal. The one bright spot was our lunch at Walt's restaurant. The food and ambience were quite good, although we had better value at a small bistro in Paris. It is just sad to me that the Disney company would take such pristine care with Anaheim and not do the same for Paris. Considering how the company prides itself on the  guest experience,  they really should apply the same level of care to each and every park that bears their name.Just come back from eurodisney the magic still there, but why don't they clean their toilets!!!!!!! Not to bad in the morning but by the afternoon had to go back to the room to use the toilet. The food was really overpriced and they seemed to sell the same food everywhere. We still had a good time but if I go again I will take my own food an a bottle of bleach!Whilst the advantage of going in November is that the queues tend to be shorter; what you don't realise is that it also means that many of the attractions will be closed; and that also goes for the restaurants. We had heard that Space Mountain was closed; but several of the other rides we wanted to try were also closed; and in the course of two days there we encountered SIX rides that either closed for technical issues as we were waiting to board or just as we arrived. Stayed at the Disney Newport Bay hotel for 3 nights whilst visiting Euro Disney. If you have already been to Disneyworld Florida, then you are going to be extremely disappointed. I visited in November and it was not only the weather that was cold and frosty!!!! The staff in the park are extremely rude! obvioulsly not lovers of their jobs and not afraid to show it! No smiley friendly faces anywhere, with the exception of one older man in the Christmas wonderland area, who was actually very nice to our family. The 2 parks themselves are very nice with a good choice of rides and the usual parades, but it was extremely busy for November. The wait times were ridiculous, some up to 90 mins (not expected at this time of year), and the amount of times that the rides had  broken down  were beyond belief. i began to wonder if they were just trying to cut down on costs by having them out of action for various periods during the day. It didnt help when they let rides go half empty, no single riders etc to speed up queues. Character greeetings had no structure what so ever. A character would appear, no ropes to line up and wait your turn to have your photos, autograph books signed, it was a matter of french people first by pushing others out of the way and everyone waiting for a chance to push in to the scrum! Food at the park is totally overpriced with a soft drink costing on average   6 and a burger takeaway meal   12. If you are looking for something half decent don't look for any change out of   100   125 for 2 adults and 2 children and even then you are getting pretty basic food. The evening show at the castle was lovely and worth seeing. Shopping was same as food and at least 50% more expensive than uk and 100% greater than US. If you want you can take your own food and drinks into the park, we seen a lot of people doing this and it is accepted by Disney. If you are staying at any of the Disney hotels then there is the usual transportation to the park, but they are all witihin walking distance. We were quicker walking from our Hotel (Newport Bay) to the park than waiting on the transport, it was only a 5 10 mins walk. Disneyland Paris just doesnt have the same slickness as its counterpart in Florida. I will never return. i would advise looking at spending a little more on getting to Florida because what you will spend in 14 days, the service, the people, the choice you receive is night and day and probably cost you no more that the money you would spend on a short break to Disneyland Paris!!!!!OBJECTIVE REVIEW FROM ANNUAL PASS HOLDER   TOP TIPS: PLEASE READWe were annual pass holders for this park for a few consecutive years because we live close by, so my review is based on many visits. We are no longer frequent visitors mainly because of the following three reasons:1) the park is relatively small compared to the USA with fewer attractions, yet the park welcomes many visitors daily and wait times can be very long during school holidays (most summer, December) and weekends with average waits 25 90 minutes for most attractions. The worst rides are always Thunder Mountain and the Nemo coaster. It's difficult to find days that are quiet (usually limited to some wintry week days in Jan Feb)2) often the waiting lines are poorly managed and it is not unusual for parallel lines to move at significantly different speeds. Picking the right one requires some luck. This in combination with sometimes rude visitors cutting lines, pushing etc, has often caused us much frustration. 3) the worst thing is many many people smoking in the park, everywhere, all the time. There are constantly clouds of tobacco smoke drifting across your walking path. Smoking is not allowed in lines, but it's not really enforced. Just recently, I had a big argument with a visitor who flatly refused to put out their cigarette in a line, among children. On another occasion, I had to alert management of a group of teenage girls smoking marihuana in a line. I blame management for this as there should be a blanket ban that is continuously enforced, with widespread signs. Based on that, I feel the park deserves no more than one star, but my review has to stay objective and there are certainly also some good points about the park (beautifully landscaped, beautiful Cinderella castle, Nemo coaster)TOP TIPS:1) bear in mind the above points, so you are prepared. If possible, best to avoid visiting around any school holidays, the summer and weekends2) regardless, arrive either very early or arrive late to leave late during extended opening hours (weekends, summers). Waiting times drop off significantly a few hours before late closing hours as people get tired. Even better to split the day in two or visit 1 2 days several days. It's not an endurance race. Kids (and adults) get tired and cranky3) Walt Disney Studio's are fairly small but have some good attractions (Tower of Terror, Lilo & Stitch show, Nemo Coaster, Playhouse Disney show, Toystory land)4) get a fast pass as soon as you arrive (Thundermountain is a good bet). You can only get a fast pass for another attraction after the time has lapsed on the first one. No fast passes at Studio's.5) waiting time for the Nemo coaster at Walt Disney's studio's are usually long all day long, there is little point in postponing the wait. It's a very nice ride, worth the wait. Probably best for first thing in the morning6) quality of the food is not great and expensive. Best bets are the Hakuma Matata (fast food) or Blue Lagoon (table service, expensive). 7) if you are tired of the lines, try the slow train ride around the park, the steam boat, Adventure Island. Also, Phantom Manor's waiting times are also usually reasonable.Overpriced food, fastpass machines not working, rides closed, 85 minute queues on those that were open, NO characters at all. Gift shops an obscene rip off, really you need to save up and go to Florida   way way way better and friendly people, good value oh and better weather!!My granddaughter (age 10) and I spent over a week in London and Paris. On the last day of our trip we decided to go to the Paris Disneyland. As it was the end of June, it was very crowded. The Disney staff was no where near as pleasant or accommadating as in the Florida Disney, in fact, most were neutral to downright rude. We did both parks in one day   very small compared to Disney World. The food venues were crowded and overpriced, but the same can be said with Florida. We waited in line for both food and rides, as expected. But what was not expected was that whole families of people would push ahead and cut the line. This happened 4 times while we were there. When others complained, it did no good. As for characters, we only saw 2  princesses  hurrying off toward their break. If you are an American and have access to Disney World, don't bother with this. Even my granddaughter was a bit dissappointed.Rude staff, bad weather, zero magic. A massive rip off and a waste of money at every turn. Rained the whole time, bad food, closed rides, just rubbish.We visited Disney Land Paris from the 3rd to the 7th of November 2012 with friends. 4 adults 3 kids age 6,4,2. The place could be fantastic but disney are far too interested in making as much money as possible and not looking after there guests!! We were there 4 days and honestly got on 4 rides. Yes 1 per day not bad for the   3500 it cost for a family of 3. You had to que for absolutely everything from the second you walk in to the second you walk out!! Not just rides its toilets,food, drink,absolutely everything. In my honest opinion there was twice as many people in the park that it could manage and give there customers the experience that Disney promises. I will never darken Disneyland Paris door again and do my best to make sure people don't make the same mistake that we did. Save your money and go to Orlando Florida!! You have been warnedAfter visiting Disneyworld several times, we could appreciate the lack of  Disney magic  here at the Paris location. There was a lack of staff present as you see in Disneyworld...usually you see cast crew walking around smiling, a random street performance, characters walking around..not here. There was smoke everywhere! Yes, this is France, but it's also Disneyland. The rule of  no smoking other than in designated areas  was not enforced and people even smoked whilst in the queue! The studios only has 3 fast pass rides and one of them being a small kiddie ride, the other for a ride for over 1.2m. There should be a FP for the Crush ride or RC rider. The crush ride was posted as 60 min wait but in reality it was 90! The rides were riddled with technical difficulties, throwing us for a loop when we'd come back for our FP time slot and the ride was closed. Food choices were either fried expensive junk or cold expensive sandwiches. Disneyland Paris may be a new name, but it's still EuroDisney in terms of success : Great transport by train from Solihull to Disney. The Disney experience was appalling. Stayed in Sequoia Lodge, the door lock system does not work, the manager admitted that it was a 1992 system that badly needed replacing, but they had been refused permission to spend on the replacement system. Far too many rides and food outlets were closed, frustrating a lot of people. Rides also breaking down too much. Before going I doubted the French' ability to emulate their parent company's country's ability to host such an enterprise. Our visit only confirmed that it is not in the nature of the French to make you feel welcome and the events special. On the Disney channel in room one of the claims was that you can relax as all the on park transport is free, well no it isn't, some is but the train that takes you from your accommodation to the park entrance is 2 euros per person. Not in the Disney spirit at all. As for the breakfast experience at the lodge, despite the genuine and good natured efforts of the far too many black faces that do the menial work, the experience is one of being cattle herded. Very poor. Finally the name of the park defies the trades description act. It is not EuroDisney at all, and should be renamed FrancoDisney. It is very French, which would be fine if that had been what it was marketed as, but it is not. Thank heavens that we have a great family, otherwise this trip would not have been enjoyable at all.I have been to Disneyland Paris twice before in the peak period of August during the traditional French holidays and it was, as I expected,busy. No complaints, I chose that time so no moaning if it is busy.However,this year went in the first week of August and it was absolutely jam packed with people.I mean queues of frustrated people everywhere...long queues at the rides,long queues at the toilets,long queues at the food outlets.I have never experienced so many people in a such a confined area.I cannot believe there are no safety limits in place,but it certainly seemed like they were squeezing as many people in as possible.I was lucky to get on three rides for my 60 odd euros...!! Value for money..no chance..!!Fast Pass.. what a joke.. machines not working and told to come back in three hours on average to get on..!!15 Euros to park as the car as well..this was my last time at DP never ever going back... if you want a day of ignorant people,pushing,jostling,smoking..fill yer boots at Disneyland Paris.. me I'm off to Parc Asterix..100 times better..We have never been so disappointed in a resort. Maybe the expectation was too great but what we found was a grubby and tired Disney that Walt would be ashamed of. The queues were horrendous, the food basic and expensive and very poor quality   considering this was France! The attractions also seemed to be in need of updating with the old favourites needed some TLC and very busy   even the rides for the small ones had queues in excess of an hour for rides of a minute or so. It rained a lot whilst we were there and there didn't seem much shelter apart from the restaurants. The Hotel we stayed on was about 10 minutes from the centre and was equally poor and basic with miserable staff and little service.Perhaps we would have been better off adding a few pounds and going to Florida. A great relief was that we went to Paris for 2 of the 5 days which as usual was fantastic   and only about 30 mins from Disney by train.Wouldn't bother going again, it was dirty, there were only a few rides it was mainly shops and food outlets. The ride ques were very long the staff we encountered were friendly but the visitors were not! We arrived to find armed forces petrolling (Eeek!) then we found that people don't que and they have no sense of personal space! Lots of people were spitting, smoking and they have no manners. I didn't enjoy myself with all the queing we managed 3 rides a day max doesn't help that it opens late and it closes early. Best bit if the whole trip was the late night firework display on the castle.I've been to euro disney in August 20, 2012. at first I was full of expectations, I thought it was the most beautiful park in Europe and one of the most beautiful parks in the world, but I was really disappointed, I knew that the park was called a  flop , but not to this extent. the price of the ticket is very expensive compared to other parks, more than 65 euro, inside the view of the castle is beautiful, however the attractions are very old and date back to the 90's, there are only 4 attractions for adults and are not even too good .. I can recommend the park for families with children, they will be crazy, but for adults is 100 times better Gardaland in Italy..only for children under 13 years ..Disliked the whole experience from start to finish over rated, 3 rd visit in 20 years and not changed my mind terrible resort.  Awful inedible expensive food, drinks stupid prices, poor signposting just a terrible park, now next door ... the Studios are better.I LOVE Disneyland; I have been to the parks in California, in Florida.... but.... Disney Paris was so bad.No shows. All of the stages were closed. No characters; in more than 8 hours in this park, I saw not ONE character. Half the restaurants were closed. Dinner   consisting of inedible burgers, soda, fries cost 50 Euro for three people. The Disney dreams show was spectacular   and it is the ONLY reason it didn't rate a 1 instead of a 2. Honestly, save your money, and buy the kiddies the ride of the Eiffel Tower and boat ride on the Siene. This was so so so disappointing!Yes there is so much for kids to see and sites and rides are great but everything for sale here is a complete rip off. Fair enough charging 5 times the value for a burger but you can't even buy just a burger, you have to buy a set meal with pudding! This was everywhere including the takeaways. The rides and sites are great, this place is impressive and huge so allow lots of time to get around. Smuggle your own food in if you can.I know it was probably their busiest time but the toilets were disgusting and not once in 3 days did I find a toilet with HOT WATER what's all this about? The management are encouraging the spread of germs throughout the park if no one is washing their hands properly. I will be writing to the management about this but in the mean time take your hand gel. If you go school hols like we did, the queuing times for rides are crazy, up to 1.5 hours. Not practical with 2 small children.Overall a great experience for excited children but a few things ruined the experience a bit. If you are able to, go off peak and won't be as busy.Another thing, don't expect any help from the Parisians if you are taking public transport with kids, buggy etc. wherever I went they watched me struggle and there was never any staff around at the train statins. When approached they were so rude.My 4th visit to this park, my first was in 1992 when it opened. Back then it was an excellent park, but per the years it has deteriorated. Even with the studio park, the old park has lots it's magic. The light parade has changed their lights and they know look cheap (where has the high standards gone), the buildings look old, the walkways, rides look tired and no new injection of enthusiasm into the park. Some of the staff are great, some good and some not so, but I understand that with such a large manpower, they can't get it all right but as Disneyland..they should. Seeing a member of staff smoking behind the fence is not what I would expect from this park, the magic has gone.Eurodisney was born into a privileged family of Disney Success in 1992 and followed on from a long line of highly successful and popular theme park resorts.Unfortunately it hit trouble almost straight away from its opening with numerous labour problems and losses that gave its American creators their first taste of loss related sleepless nights.The huge beast of a theme park that greeted us on our arrival is very much the product of this troubled history...it has to make money and it is unwilling to compromise on this even if its going to spoil your day.Almost without fail, if you read any of the Eurodisney reviews, the major complaints are the eye wateringly high prices that you will encounter for everyday items such as bottled water.The location of the park makes it virtually impossible to visit anything other than a Disney related venue or Hotel to eat and drink so there is there is a definate feeling that your being held hostage.The Park absorbs a huge number of people each day and I got the feeling that whilst I was there (Late August) it was not always able to cope with the vast swaythe of humanity that filled its every corner.Consequently the infamous queues become the major events that eat into your day...sometimes for up to 90 minutes for the major rides. A strange psychological effect also seems to kick in once youve been in the park and you become fully engaged in the 'queue to enjoy' mentality....you actually start to wait in huge lines of people to get on rides that are fully visible and which are obviously not that good....this happened to us...and we waited 45 mins for a 60 second ride on the buzz lightyear 'orbitron' which was nothing more than a basic 10 gondola carousel that can be found at any Fairground.Much has been written about the Staff at Disneyland....our experiences were positive when you consider that they have a hugh 'people' workload to deal with.Many reviewers comment that the Staff are Hostile if you dont make an effort to speak a bit of French....this is Pathetic and not true...Disneyland is a multi cultural and Multi Nationality experience and the Staff are mostly very comfortable with this.Eurodisney cost $4 Billion to build and this can be seen in the amazing attention to detail on decor, design and finishing touches which truly continue the Walt Disney 'Quality' Philosophy...unfortunately its in the operational aspects that I felt the whole experience at times felt like a failure....at times just the little things that spoilt the illusion...like cobwebs on the exquisitely detailed figures in the 'Its A Small World' ride or the rust stained hands and clothing that we all picked up from walking down the spiral staircase of the Cinderella Castle which was in almost complete darkness and highly dangerous to both young and old to navigate down.And the Good?....there is an event currently running that re awakens the spirit of Disney for all who see it...and even after all the open arguing that we witnessed between people fighting for good viewpoints for them and their children we were all in silent awe at the Disney Dreams 20th anniversary show.The show has been created to celebrate the 20 years of Eurodisney and uses hugely powerful projectors to turn the cinderella castle into a multicoloured canvas for a celebration of the Disney that was (Not is!). Absolutely NO expense has been spared here.The projections are combined with pyrotechnics and hugh moving fountain jets and also spray projections (Images projected onto hugh plumes of fine water jets)....but thats not all...the Disney team have also combined numerous multi colour multi beam laser projections into the show with additional high power moving sky beam spotlights and amazing huge multiple jets of fire that you can actually feel burn your face from more than 100 metres away. All these elements are not just fired off randomly...they are syncronised to all your favourite Disney music and work together to pull off a truly amazing 20 minute show.At the end of the evening we joined the numerous tens of thousands of other people leaving the park and for just a minute it felt like we had all forgiven Eurodisney for its many imperfections in favour of a single event that had moved us and made us rediscover our long lost Disney Dream.Where do I even start! I am very disappointed in DIsneyland Paris and would highly suggest they go to Florida for training in how to run a park, motivate staff, keep the parks clean and bring back the magic. One of the first things I noticed was the toilets throughout the park stunk of strong urine, they were very dirty and never did I see staff cleaning them. The park in general was dirty and people were smoking everywhere, no one ever approached them and told them to smoke in the designated areas. I got two fast tracks for two different rides and when it was time to use them both the rides were closed due to technical issues. I only saw Peter pan and Wendy walking around the park and even then they only spoke to each other, they didn't acknowledge anyone around them. The food is like cardboard and exspensive. The place was very cramped and it was hard to find somewhere to sit. Trying to get into the park took ages as the only open about 40 percent of the ticket booths. The lockers didn't work either. I visited DIsney Paris 10 years ago and is was clean and magical, now it's just a dirty park with no spark, staff and management have lost their mojo! my sister was going to book for next year but I have told the family not to bother, instead we are going to save up for Florida and take the kids to where the real magic is. I'm very disappointed in you Disneyland Paris and management should hang their heads in shame.Sorry to have to say this, but this was a massive disappointment. We were all really excited about going to Disneyland Paris and yes certain things were lovely and magical....thunder mountain, space mountain, star wars, Mississippi steam boat, haunted mansion, the shows (Tarzan & the parades). We are normally positive people and look for the good things but we really struggled with this. We knew it was going to be busy but I have been before in August and I am sure this time they have legally let too many people in! The queues were unbelievable (what they need are more fast pass rides), the amount of rude people was overwhelming (my little boy was getting quite upset at this) and smokers were everywhere (where were the designated smoking areas). However, what ruined it for us was the extortionate price of everything. I can't believe that Disney who used to stand for everyone having equal fun no matter what your circumstances are would deliberately rob you. A bottle of water 3 euros, a horrible meal in the planet hollywood 100 euros....need I go on. Yes you can top your water bottles up in the park but you can't do that in the studios.Sorry but I would advise you don't go unless you enjoy being ripped off.This place is all about greed   squeeze people on shuttle buses, load the theme parks to capacity and then take customers eyes out when it comes to meal times!!! struggle to see how anyone can descirbe this place as magical!!?? took our 4 1 2 year old for a 5 nite stay and spent most of that time in queues for rides and food. DO NOT visit the disney princesses attraction   we waited almost 2 hours to meet 1 princess then were asked for 15 euro for a foto. waited on average at least an hour for rides. totally disappointed by the whole experience, staff are not friendly, toilets are dirty, food massively over priced. The nightime show is fantastic but be prepared to pick a good spot at least 45 mins before it starts otherwise you won't be able to see much of it. Also, if you're staying late and are in a hotel outside the main park, the shuttle buses are packed at closing time so as you can imagine it's a rugby scrum. maybe we chose a bad time to visit (end august) but even without the queues it really isn't that impressive   wish we'd saved the pennies to visit the real disney in florida : (I book Disney for   200 for the day for our family of four and there was absolutely no value for money at all. During the day we saw absolutely no Disney characters and felt we could have been in any theme park. The shops and restaurants were stupidly overpriced and the only 'ride' the kids enjoyed was the play area! It's a shame Disney are more concerned about making money than entertaining kids. We won't be going back..Have been to Disneyland Paris in mid August, and the park is simply not worth the effort, for 3 main reasons:1) Crowd: although I am aware that August attracts the most people, the crowd and   even more important   the lines to ride the various attractions were just crazy. We basically rode on not more than 5 6 attractions in an entire day, with lines up to 1.5 hours, especially for the most thrilling ones, like Big Thunder Mountain (though more or less that's the same even for other activities   the wait time for children to meet and have a photo with Disney princesses was indicated as 75 mins!2) Overpriced: everything, from the entrance (more than 60    ) to food and souvenirs has just too high a price   again, of course all parks have more or less the same attitude, but spending more than 6 euros for an hot dog (scarse quality bread and a wurstel) is just as crazy3) For 2 (two!) times in a day, rides failed while we were in line (Pirates and Big Thunder Mountain). The result? After spending 30 mins waiting, we had to come back later, of course with double the people in queue   and more hours thrown away. Maybe it was an unlucky day, but I wouldn't be so sure..Conclusion: probably kids will love the setting (I admit it was truly beautiful, pure Disney universe) but the rides for adults are very very limited in number (their  ghost house  wouldn't scare a first grader I'd say), let alone the time spent in line, from tickets to rides to have lunch.Not worth it.Just returned from disneyland paris with my wife and two boys. aged 3 and 5.Having been here 3yrs previous when it was owned by disney and not by france.We stayed at newprt bay on all meal voucher basis.Hotel room was basic but clean. No free wifi ( most basic hotels now have it for free) It is there but you have to pay.No coffee or tea making facilities in room. Most basic hotels have this also.long wait for breakfast in a morning.Was given a breakfast voucher to use in the park for 8.15am wich says on it character breakfast.Be warned it is not. It is a a way of getting people away from the hotel to cut numbers down for breakfast time.But they do not tell you this. So after getting up very early and get the two boys ready and walk about a mile to the restaurant in the park expecting to see characters and non turn up. We wasnt amused.Meal vouchers were okay but be warned you may still have to pay extra in some places.I paid   35 extra in one place including the vouchers.The park parades have been shortened and do not stop to get out and dance etc.These are now to worth waiting for.Do not do a daytime one then a night time parade either now.Just one at 7.00 pm in disney and 5.00 pm in mgm.ride wait times are about 1hr to 1.30 hrs just to go on basic rides.When they can open both sides or lanes on some rides but are not doing it.Characters are about but alot less than before.Overall we were very disappionted from last time.I think france just want your money and are not bothered. Lets say the magic has gone out of disneyland paris.Where do i start?! Rude staff, rude people, no magic at all!!Booked a 4 night 5 day stay at Newport Bay as a package through Disney 24th 28th August 2012 for myself, my husband and two teenage daughters. This was our first trip to Disneyland Paris although we have experienced Disney in Florida 5 times. We should have by passed Paris and made it 6! However we thought we'd give it a go with open minds not expecting an exact replica of our fabulous American experiences but at least something akin to them. How wrong we were! The French staff were rude and arrogant as were the people visiting the parks. Numerous times myself and other family members were elbowed or shouldered out of the way without apology. They did not seem to know how to go around you,prefering instead to aim straight for you! None of the staff manning the rides showed any enthusiasm for how they were dressed or where they were, this is Disney for goodness sake,get into character or at least smile!! Forget meeting the characters as it's a general free for all with no staff organising queues and offering to take your picture unlike Florida.On our last night we pre booked a meal in The Blue Lagoon inside the Pirates of The Carribean ride for 9pm . We were 'greeted' at the door by a surly man who informed us the restaurant was closed due to technical difficulties with the ride which made little sense. However there was no attempt to book us in anywhere else, just a shrug of the shoulders as he stepped back at gazed into the distance. I've not experienced that attitude anywhere and was the last thing i expected from Disney. We made our way across a now extra crowded park as people were lining the parade route to City Hall where we were told by another arrogant surly indifferent staff member that every restaurant in the park was booked.On another occasion we we shouted at by a staff member from across the park waving her arms frantically and shaking her head manically because she wanted us to move, polite,not!Park presentation and cleanliness was also an issue for us . Most of the toilets were not cleaned regularly so were messy and smelt bad,with at least 2 in each being unusable because of overflowing or general disgustingness. Although smoking is only supposed to be in designated areas as in Florida, in Paris this is not adhered to,with people even smoking in the queues and no staff monitoring it.This of course meant fag butts eveywhere as well. Night time signage needed checking also with lots of random large Disney letter signage out. For eg the World of Disney shop spelt out WORNEY with the missing letters unlit!On a more complimentary note we were impressed by the variety and quality of food available.We had booked a deal staying at the Disney Newport Bay hotel with all meals included, 4 nights 5 days for four of us for   1400(not inc flight) and considering the food alone would have cost us   900 this i thought was good. The rides and shows were all of Disney standard with reasonable wait times considering the time of year.Some of my points may seem a little picky but considering the Disney corporation push the magical experience theme (which doesn't come cheap) in my opinion that's what they should deliver regardless of which country it's in. The French lack the charm and friendliness of the Americans when it comes to Disney, needless to say we won't be returning to Paris!I am a big fan of disney parks having visited disneyland in Los Angeles and Disneyworld in Florida five times tbhroughout my liife. And each time and at different ages I was always impressed with the high quality of the park amenities as well as service. These parks were always spolessly clean, had great service by staff and I always had a great time.So when visiting Disneyland in France it was a huge let down. Right from the entrance which was dirty and disheveled with garbage and cigarette butts on the ground plus worn unpainted dirty surfaces. Then we had to get into a huge slow queue to get tickets in exchange for our online purchase certificate.( We should not have to do this that is why you purhase online.)The staff was unhelpful and indifferent. The park and rides and food establishments were all seedy and run down. We ate an expensive meal at one of the restaurants where you can make a reservation. The food was good, but the service was lacking. And the upkeep of the dining room and washrooms was really lacking. There was cracked tiling, worn suraces, poorly painted finish, garbage on the floors. In the the other Disney parks not one of these things would be found. Every detail is taken care of. Thats what makes real Disney :Parks so magical and wonderful. Unfortunately this is not a real Disneyland!!!When one thinks of 'Disneyland Paris', one sees a true haven, heaven for the kids with magic bouncing off the walls like rainbows after sunlight breaks through a monsoon, and a place for adults to also, somehow get enjoyment out of the place too, and you all go skipping down the promenade holding hands while some beautiful music softly plays out of the tannoys.Stop right there, my friend. This is all a dream. Welcome to reality, and Disneyland Paris just doesn't cut it. We as a family, me aged 17, my sister aged 5, and my mum and stepdad went out there for a two day break (Friday and Saturday), as we were travelling from Center Parcs near to Laon on the Friday, the first day was really just a half day as we needed to do the one million things that come along with travelling and arriving. But enough of the tangent, this is our experience.We arrived on Friday afternoon, and we went in straight away after parking the car. Little did we know that there was going to be a huge walk to actually get into the park, even when you're parked in 'Zone A'. Annoying. However the travellators do take some of the weight off of your feet but only temporarily as more pressure is piled on when you hear the out of date, tacky music that is played at probably 100dB right above your ears when entering the park, of which I'm sure is a health and safety risk. Oh and how could I forget? Every minute or so a 'Welcome' message is played as well! A nausiating voice, in French and English will annoy you hugely while you enter. You'll probably be able to recite the lines upon entry, and not just in English!About the park, I feel over the years it has been slowly let to become just a generally tacky place, and what I find interesting is that this year it's the 'Twenty year celebrations', and part of me wonders if some of the places haven't been seen to since 1992! The rides, however are actually quite good and still cater for all of the age groups, for example children can still live out dreams in 'Fantasyland', whether they are male or female, or the boys can pretend they're still a cowboy in the 'Wild Wild West', in 'Frontierland', yee haw. These are just to name a few of the fantasies that can be lived out by your children, but it comes at a price..Example, take the image that I have just shown you, go on imagine it, you have my permission. Okay, now add lots of people. No no, more than that. Nope, still more than that! Okay if you need an idea, just add everyone who visits Oxford Street, Westfield London West and Westfield Stratford, on a Saturday, in the school holidays. Bingo! You've got enough people now in this vision. Make sure you've got enough crying babies, toddlers, screaming parents and arguments galore, add a hot Summer's day if you wish and your image is complete. Serve with a garnish of stress. This, dear reader is how crowded the place gets. I can understand why though, but there are limits, and I fear that this is the limit. The sheer volume of people on the site at one time can be bordering among the dangerous, an example of this being every five seconds, you are bound to hit another family and be saying 'Sorry' in about seven different languages. If you have small children also, well this can be made even worse, as some people I saw in the park completely disregard anyone, and your child, or children for that matter stand a high risk of ending up in the back of an ambulance after 'Mr. I don't care about anyone within a 100m radius of me' knocks into you, or your child, causing distress and injury. Getting onto any ride, even past ten 'o' clock is misery served on ice. What is even worse is the fact that some people have the cheek to push past you in the queues! This happened to me, as first hand experience and so I was in a battle for one space against four other people, in a queue. How sad it is. The average queue time for any ride after about an hour after opening is 60 minutes plus, sometimes even up to 90. So if you like queuing, by all means get down to Disneyland now! However, if you don't like most people..I want to move on now to the prices of some things once you're inside the park. To sum it up in a sentence, once you're in the park, you are essentially prisoner, at mercy to the owners of Disneyland. Bring half the contents of your bank account, because 98% of the time you'll be using it all up. Food there is a joke, to say the least. Unless you want to have a small bite and dare to venture into some of the 'themed' places Disneyland offer internally, you're going to be stung. Badly. A main meal? I know some places in London where you can get a good quality meal for   15 a head, sometimes more sometimes less dependent what you get, but all with plenty of food so you don't go home hungry. At Disneyland? Ahem. Just for a main meal, 20 euros minimum. Or if you look around and not eat as much, 10 and 14 euros as a bracket. You would expect the quality to be great wouldn't you considering the price? Think again. I forked out 14 euros for a pizza meal, of which promised me a four cheese pizza, a side salad, tiramisu and a drink. Anyone with the least of distingushed pallets could tell you that the pizza was probably made out of only two cheeses. And the quality of the rest of the food is just, to be frank dire for what one expects for the money. At least the tiramisu cheered me up a bit. 'Own some of the magic!' I hear Disney cry, now. What they don't mention is that to own 'some of the magic', you need to fork out pathetic amounts of money to actually obtain it. Items of clothing, if you expect to go there to buy some new clothes and bring not much else, you're going to be strutting around in your birthday suit, unless you have a golden credit card. A themed T Shirt, for example costed 35 euros. Excuse me? I could eat out with 'Mon amour' for cheaper! If I had one. Even a balloon with Mickey or Minnie Mouse on it costs 7.50 euros. How disgusting is that when you as an adult will fully know that the balloons probably get made for about seven cents! It's just sad though, I feel personally that Disney need to charge so much for everything once you're inside the park and it is a true disgrace.Lastly the parades, of which run nightly. Most nights, or even every night there is one parade at 7pm, of which features the main characters that Mr. Disney created many years ago, and also the masterminds of today. Be severely warned. I arranged to meet my mum and little sister near to the entrance of the park about ten minutes before the parade begun, as they had gone home for the afternoon and I wanted to sieze the opportunity to, hopefully be impressed by Disneyland that afternoon. I had to get back from one side of the park to the other to do so and as one expects, the journey shouldn't be too bad, right? Wrong. The time came around when I was to meet with my mum and sister, only to be met by a brick wall of, what felt like two thousand people, sealing off any exit point to attempt to get to my parents. I was lucky though, I got through in the end and this was for two reasons;1. I live near London, and I often spend a lot of time on the tube, meaning I'm used to the general commute and running through places at speed.2. I was on my own at that point.If I wasn't on my own, I wouldn't have made it back to my mum, purely because it would have been impossible circumnavigating a tide of stressed parents with small children, simple. Once I got back to my loving family, I was greeted with a sight where people had been sitting, or standing right against the kerb to get the best view of the men and women in funny costumes, of which was just amazing to see. Amazing for Disney, obviously as they are rolling in the money, amazing for me and my sister as she couldn't see anything, just a sea of legs and shorts. In theory this idea could work though of having so many people, and work quite well, but the staff just got it all wrong, encouraging people to stand up, and actually arguing with them if they didn't stand. It doesn't take a genius to work out that when you have that volume of people you can't have the first two rows of people standing! Pathetic. I felt the need to lift my sister onto my shoulders as I love her very much, like a brother should so that she could see everything, and she got the enjoyment out of it that she deserved. The sad fact is though is that they only had one parade on a day, at 7pm. I find this a bit sad as you should 'give something for the fans that paid to get in', and do more parades a day, please? For what you get, however if you do decide to fork out the money to come here it just doesn't step up to the mark. My sister was just overwhelmed by the amount of people that were in the park at one time, and in fact it was too much for her, and I just suspect some other young children would find the whole attraction too much. If you want to own some of the cheaply made magic that'll cost you 25 euros and last about a week, then go on. If you want to overpay for some cheap and nasty food where you're NOT allowed to have a picnic once inside the park, then go on. If you want a day where you'll be constantly bumped into, knocked out of the way or even onto the ground, where you're surrounded by children having tantrums because they can't have the candy floss which costs 4 euros, and then wait in a queue for a ride for 90 minutes that lasts 90 seconds, then go on! UK attractions such as 'Thorpe Park' and 'Alton Towers' have really overtaken Disneyland over the last five years, and unfortunately Disneyland has been left in the dust, coughing and spluttering. Be warned.Much like other reviewers we were not impressed and i'm usually an ardent Disney fan who sees through the rubbish because of Mickey! The only Disney magic is that that you create yourself   it was seriously lacking. I did expect it to be busy but it was heaving. The late night parade and show were positively dangerous despite staff trying to keep order   i suppose its a financial thing  cutbacks mean less staff. Most of the staff lacked any enthusiasm anyway and didn' t keep any order so people pushed and shoved   very rude. All queuing signage was very very inaccurate   the first ride we tried said 15 mins and it was actually over an hour. The staff were just not paying attention and organising things. The toilets were disgusting   everyone i went in even in the morning they smelt. Food was ok but very expensive and again service was just not organised so queueing was a pain. I personally wouldn't go back again   its just not Disney any more its commercialise disappointment.Just got back from the trip   what a let down. Toilets were filthy, they just kept letting people in & children were getting crushed. Queues for over an hour, we were lucky to get 4 rides a day. Not much fun when the trip cost over   4,000. The fast passes only work in the mornings and the extra hours consist of very few rides. The customer service was rubbish. I've been four times over the last five years and the 15th anniversary was brilliant, now it just seems they want to take your money by cashing in on our children's dreams. Won't be back!Food is terrible seems to be the same highly processed food in all outlets. It is very expensive for poor quality fastfood. Huge queues especially at this time of yearWhat a rip off! And the queues   my goodness. 1 hour 40 minutes for a 2 minute ride   just crazy. Distinct lack of characters around this year, very few staff to help and vastly over priced merchandise. Brings out the worst in everyone!A one day visit with my 4 year old in August. The park is NOWHERE as good as the American Disney experience, Orlando was wonderful   service, cleanliness, friendliness and the disney magic in bucketfuls. The Paris experience is so different   much longer queues, possibly the most unhappy disney employees ever, less staff too   which meant a dirtier park, dirtier loos and less slick service. We queued for 1 hour in a mexican themed fast food place, an hour!!! We had no choice as we were so hungry by this point. Europeans are much ruder, cannot queue, push and shove and the smoking was out of control   this is not good in a kids theme park. We saw 4 characters but with no system to see them (as in USA) I wasn't going to let my little girl get shoved around in the melee of adults pushing to see a person in a mouse costume!! Two main rides were out of action for part of the time (pirates of the caribean and big thunder mountain)   staff were not explaining what was happening but the shrugging of shoulders was impressive   they wil have RSI! If you want to do the Disney thing   save hard and go to orlando, it is worth it!Today was going to be the best day of the 3 week trip in Europe. Why, simple, we are Americans and we are going to Disneyland Paris. Here we believe we will find the same beauty, service, friendliness, and atmosphere we experience in Orlando Florida, after all it is a Disney brand location and that must mean the same Disney corporate structure and ideals that make us feel so welcome in Orlando. Alas, this is not the way it is overseas. We liked where the train station lets you off near the entrance, but the limited number of security guards checking bags, and ticket sales people, made for very long lines and the first hour there spent outside the park. We did get in, and are excited now as we look at the park from a distance, then we see the security guards in the park, intimidating and not happy. The employees overall were not excited to be there, or willing to go out of there way to help you. One thing that very quickly became clear is that this park does not spend enough of its budget cleaning. The table we sat at for lunch was wet from rain, we wiped it off several times before we got a clean towel, same with the seats. I looked around and saw cobwebs, no not planned ones, but real ones from lack of cleaning. The landscaping was not as crisp, trimmed or neat as Orlando either. Many floors have dust and dust bunnies growing on them. It is a shame that this kind of investment was made into the parks, and they spend the same effort cleaning it, as I did my own place when I was a 20 year old bachelor. Meaning not near enough. The crowds are much different as well. People do not yield at all. There are more frowns than smiles, unfortunately. We were glad to go home early, and see smiling happy people in Paris.Next time, it will be Disney in Orlando.The food on offer in the whole park was typical fast food   nothing better than McDonalds unless you were prepared to pay in the region of   28 each for a single course and a drink. Long queues, not all rides had fast pass, even to see Mickey Mouse in his own building (there were 2 or 3 MM so it could have taken even longer). Popular rides broke down a lot . I expected the Disney characters to be walking around all day but they only came out sporadically and then it was a 'football crowd' to try to get a photo or autograph. People smoking throughout the park, even in queues, so you regularly got a face full of smoke. Very few signs for toilets, so had to hunt for them.If your idea of a good time is standing in queues for over an hour for a one minute ride, being subjected to queue jumpers from France, Spain, Italy etc (are Brits the only nation who queue?), paying significantly over the odds for average food, then the disneyland park, paris is for you. It's not for me.Our visit was for 3 full days and out of the 3 one of them was spent queuing. Very badly organised for such a commercial organisation. On 4 occasions we were turned away from a ride as it was broken down. Food costs are extortionate and very little other choice than burgers and fries if you choose to eat in the park which are still vastly overpriced.My one previous visit to Disneyland was in California and I was quite impressed which means I had positive expectations of this trip with a ten year old. I just cannot understand the hype about it. We stayed in Paris travelling by metro to Marne La Vallee. These are our personal observations.1. Lack of staff   we spent some time in a separate part of the park looking for rides and were eventually told   you have to go to Disneyland  ( which was next door   we were in Studios and did not know it, no proper signs   see below). There was never anyone to ask for directions to coffee places and very importantly toilets and the rides. 2. Signage was amazingly poor   needs to be larger esp for toilets: you have to up on top of it to see it Maps very sketchy and not clear to me.3. Etiquette: as an example queuing an hour for Pirates of the Caribbean and sitting behind a woman who saw nothing but through the lens of her permanently flashing camera. Not Disneyland's   fault  but irksome nevertheless. 4. No giant MIckey Mouse s! Or other characters, as other reviewers have said, as in USA.5. Expense of very poor food: I prefer not to eat meat but not much choice here: one very thin beefburger and one hot dog cost over   15. And you had to queue for half an hour to get it in a cardboard tray.My overall impression was that this must be mass hypnosis. The child I was with said   one or two rides were good but the rest was rubbish . The very young children, the girls in their fairy land dresses, know no different. Good part? I was amused to hear that,   at least she can tell people she has been to Disneyland . Does this emperor have any clothes?.... If you want something a lot less than the (discounted!) fifty pounds each ticket, the very best option is Jardin d'Aclimatisation at Sablons, near La Defense ( best hotel is Frazer Hospitality a brillant new self catering with breakfast hotel) The Jardin has great rides at 3 euros each, free attractions, the occasional dromedary and other animals and snack foods costing less  La Plage   the Seine Beach in August   is free. And don;t let the language barrier put you off. But with small children and without a you may of course go for convenience. ...and maybe it is all about saying we have been to Disneyland? Brilliant marketing. I think it is a cynical rip off living off the very well promoted Disney name. Perhaps Disneyland belongs in America   and it is bigger there ( of course ) . Some people go time and again   but I have to offer our personal experiences   the child loves rides and was predisposed to love Disneyland   but she joined me in hunting for the exit.First off let me say that I am well acquainted with long waits and average expensive food at Disney parks but this park takes it to a whole new level. I am totally surprised that the Disney company has let this park become so shabby and incompetently run compared to their other parks. At first glance it looks like a great place but then you see all the cigarette butts littered in all the planters and on roof tops while waiting in lines at the attractions. Gum is also plastered on the ground in a lot of places yuk! Even though there are designated smoking areas people just smoke where they like even in the lines and the cast members do nothing about it. Several times people jumped the fences to sneak in line even older adults who should know better. The cast members in some of the stores are pretty useless. When we went into the Gibson Girl to get some sundaes there were about 8 9 cast members standing behind the counter with only 3 of them actually working. The others were chatting and leaning against the counter. After waiting about 10 minutes with the line hardly moving we left seriously how do they ever sell anything here. My daughter really wanted to eat at the  Restaurant des Stars  I shouldn't have relented the food was awful and cold a total waste of 53 euros. This was another place with a big line and tons of empty tables don't they want to fill them? it wasn't like there wasn't enough staff to man them all lol. Like others have mentioned the queues were terrible. We are pretty savvy at using fastpasses but even with them it was so difficult because staff members would cut the line off randomly or attractions would break down often. Also, on the Studio Tram Tour they wouldn't fill all the cars they would leave one or two empty and the line was huge. We were going to spend two days here but after one we were done and I doubt we will ever go back. On a positive note the Thunder Mountain Railroad here is the best one we've been on.Get your wallets out!! think that is the mantra of these theme parks. we stayed at the disneyland hotel in July with 2 kids. its such a shame that the park was so crowded, you couldn't get near any of the rides without an hour long wait.Everything is so expensive and we were shocked at the low quality and availabilty of good food, young children don't do well waiting for an hour to be stuffed full of chips and greasy burgers which cost 50  euro for a family of 4 everytime you need to get something to eat. Our feeling was that they just let far too many people into the parks at a time. the parades are great but be prepared to be jostled and end up falling back from the side as you can't risk your children being trampled just so they can see the disney characters. The show's and  experiences  they are selling are so expensive its prohibative. We paid   1700 for a 2 night stay at the disneyland hotel thinking it would give us the benefit of early entry to the parks but only a couple of the rides are open before 10am so its not worth it. we have a number of friends and family who have done both the UK and US parks and its worth saving your time and money for a trip to the US rather than France. A real shame.If you are staying in France, near disneyland, and you have young children (and a wife who loves Disney) it is impossible to refuse them a trip to the wonderfull world of commercialism. Many of you who read this will no doubt believe that I am some kind of grumpy old man Victor Meldrew type. I am not. I love to have fun and, even more importantly, love to see my kids have fun. This year was my fifth grudging visit to Disneyland Paris. I don't like it, my wife knows I don't like it, so do my kids but I bite the bullet and go anyway. So, I hear you say, what does this grumpy old man dislike so much? Well, here goes   I don't like paying 74 euros per adult per day to get in   I don't like paying 66 euros for my eldest daughter   I don't like paying 15 euros to park my car   I don't like the enormous queues full of anoying French kids who all push in   I don't like the extortionate prices for horrible food (we did take out own food in this year)   I don't like the shops every 10 yards that sell merchandise at ridiculous prices   I don't like trying to entertain my young kids through the boredom of queuing for so long   I could go on but you get the picture. I accept that queues are inevitable but have to say shame on Disney for the rip off pricing on everything.What I will say in the positive is that the parades are good and my kids loved seeing the characters. Would I go here again? If I have my way then no but I will probably be dragged back next year. to those of you holidaying in this area I would suggest yopu consider Parc Asterix as an alternative. Much cheaper, great shows (dolphin show fantastic) good rides and really small queues.Overall, our children had a wonderful time at Disneyland. We enjoyed the rides, when we finally got on them and the parade and the Disney characters were great. Now on to the negativities:1. The complexities of the overall package: vouchers, easypasses, restaurant bookings etc etc etc. All of these things made our overall experience very frustrating and confusing. There were a number of things that happened to us in relation to this but two examples as follows:   we went to the park one morning for breakfast as the breakfast in our hotel was revolting. We were not allowed in to our restaurant of choice because the hotel staff had not given us the correct vouchers to get in so we had to go to the coffee shop to buy a cake and coffee. The cashier at the park advised I could pay with my easy pass then tried to use it and promptly told me I couldn't use it, so I tried to pay with credit card as there was a sign at the cash register that said  Disneyland welcomes MC , was then told CC would not be accepted. We then had to search high and low for a cash machine to change cash and pay with cash. When we checked out of the hotel, we noticed that our bill had been charged so essentially, they charged us twice!    second example of this is in relation to booking restaurants. The written documentation I received before we left home, stated that we should book our restaurants but when I called the booking line, the staff were unable to access the details of my package to advise which restaurants were available to me. We booked restaurants but then we weren't able to access some of them because they were not part of our package....so what's the point of booking them then??? It's all a waste of time and it's very frustrating.The other thing I would say is that the queues are a real problem. The fast pass situation is not a real solution as you can see from the  fast pass  queues. On hot days (when we were there it was over 30 degs cel), there's seating but it's all in the sun so if you want to sit and wait for your family to queue for a ride, there's no where to sit. We often had to sit on the floor.It's often very difficult to see where the entry points are for the rides and there's very limited signage for toilets. The staff do not speak great English so it would really help if these things could stand out more, to save the frustration of trying to find them on a map. I would also say that it would be helpful if we could get more of an idea of what some of the rides that are inside the big warehouses are like. There's very little description of them so the kids are wary to go on.OK, I've complained enough. I know it seems like a whinge but if you don't provide this feedback, I suppose they won't know what needs to be done to improve things. I've visited Disneyworld and other theme parks in Australia, the UK and the US. I'm afraid they do a better job of managing these things than the Europeans, unfortunately.I came here with my girlfriend, she has been here before and loves it. I am not hating on this place, it is a cool place but for a couple or someone without kids I think it only has so much appeal. All the kids there seemed to love it, they all had huge smiles and it was awesome to see so many children having a great time. I just don't think there is much there for a purely adult demographic which sucks because adults pay the entry fees. Saying that, it is Disney Land and the place is pretty spectacular. The grounds are clean, well manicured and looked after, there are plenty of staff there to assist guests. The entrance fees are very expensive, 74 euros per adult for a 2 park pass for one day is pretty ridiculous in my opinion. I have been to many, many theme parks on 4 continents and this was the most expensive by far. The food and drink is also more than you would pay outside the park but it isn't ridiculously expensive to their credit. For most of the attractions you are looking at  30 minutes, saying that the lines did seem to move faster the majority of the time compared to the predicted wait. There are little electronic clocks at the front of the attractions that alert you on how long to expect. This is a good idea and allows you to time manage better. Most of the shows are similar to other parks like Universal Studios, Dreamworld and Warner Brothers movie world to name a few but they are still entertaining. The movie magic illusion show was amazing, probably the thing I enjoyed most in both parks. The movie studio park closes officially at 7 yet at 5:30 we couldn't buy food or drink from several of the vendors there. Be warned also that most the shows, rides and parades etc finish earlier at both parks well before closing ie at least an hour, be sure to check the program. I didn't get to go on a few of the rides but the simulator, pirates of the Caribbean and a few others that I thought would be exhilarating failed to hit the spot. I think the rides cater more to the kids which I understand but there are many rides coded blue which means family friendly for kids and only a few coded orange for exhilarating rides. The ones coded orange took it to a comfortable level but just when you are getting the adrenalin pumping seems to be where they peak. If you are a thrill seeker or there with some friends and want to experience some rides that are going to knock your socks off, I would recommend you look elsewhere.If you want to really give your kids a Disneyland experience take them to Orlando or LA. the French version is just expensive, overcrowded and with horrible service. First you pay the parking, then you queue for tickets (really no point in buying online as you will queue anyway and there is no discount). Then if you want to see any of te hotter attractions you queues for an hour or so. If you want to a old this you can buy for 60 euros in the city hall a fast track express card and the top 5 attractions you can access without waiting. However being in France where money and service are frowned upon you only partially jump the queues. Overall service is slow. Staff always addresses you in French first and not very friendly overall. What is great is space mountain. I did this four times : )We have just returned from a visit to Disneyland Paris and having visited both LA and Orlando on numerous occasions we are surprised that these parks in Paris have the Disney name.To say that we felt  ripped off  is an understatement. Two cheeseburgers, small frites and med cola, 6 chicken nuggets meal and kids meal nearly   70.This was not a character restaurant   my grand daughter (20) and her god daughter (5)went to the Princess meal and that cost them   85!!! We had researched that before going but decided that was a meal not to be missed hence why !only one adult accompaned the child.A small box of popcorn was nearly   5 't get I won't go on but after paying for the entry tickets dont get ripped off for food and drink   a small bottle of water was   3.50.We were very excited to be taking our young child to Disneyland Park, Paris. We had been to many theme parks and were expecting at least the same value, quality and experience. Given the price of entry to the Park, we thought that this alone reflected the quality. Unfortunately, we got none of those. First impressions are that the line to get in moved too slow. It took us almost an hour just to get in the park???!! Our first stop   bathroom. Oh Boy ... the smell was atrocious. I doubt that the plumbing was adequate to keep up with the number of tourists that visit the park. It was so disgusting that I reported it to staff   thinking that a sewerage pipe had broken. Even the staff member told me that nothing was broken, just a lot of people visit the bathroom???? Most of the rides in the park required at least a 95 minute wait and as you can imagine, young children can't wait in line that long. We went in the middle of the week; no school holidays and apparently on a  better day  than normal. Long story short, we couldn't wait to get back to Paris city away from the dreadful smells and queues. On a positive note, the grounds themselves, were very well kept & nice and green and full of flowers. In the middle of Paris City, near La Place de la Concorde, there is a little amusement park open and our child and many children we knew had more joy at this little amusement park  free entry, just pay for rides  than they did at Disneyland. Should have stayed in Paris city. But you have to try it to know.Ok, first of all, if you think paying 60 Euros for visiting both the parks in one day is a good buy, you are wrong. You can hardly cover 15 % of each park in one day. Go there and get a ticket for at least 2 days for one park, or 3 days for both the parks. Its best if you take your own lunch, as restaurants are very crowded, and you ended having a meal in your hand but no place to sit and eat. And the meal is not cheap mind you ! Waiting times for the Roller Coasters are around 70 to 90 Minutes, and during my visit, two of them had stopped functioning for some time, a big disappointment. If you have kids, even worse, as all kids' rides have even longer waiting times, so prepare to buy a 2 or 3 day ticket, or just let the kids enjoy as you stare at them and yourself do nothing. The rides are good, but you dont have time to try all of them, as I said, 10 to 15 % maximum.Take an umbrella with you ! It rains a lot, although only in drizzles.I have never left a bad review and consider myself to be realistic but considering the hard sell about experiencing the magic Disneyland Paris was a huge let down.My partner has visired the Orlando resort and was shocked at the difference. Indifferent staff, really shabby in lots of areas, no characters roaming around to break the boredem of endless ques waiting times for rides could that did not amount to much and filthy toilets which stank of stale urine. The only thing that made it Disney were the parades and Dreams show. Even the we were hearded like cattle.We took our daughter for her 6th birthday and even she was underwhelmed. Luckily we decided not to stay in a Disney Hotel and travel in from Paris so we did not have to endure this rubbish for nore than one day and could spend the rest of our time in a civilised place. Previosuly we had considered staying in a Disney hotel, book meals and the whole shebang, thank goodness sense prevailed.Disney are unashamed in their money making. There are more shops than rides all of which sell over priced tat. The food options are limited, overpriced and of poor quality. Luckily we took a picnic and although it is stated no food is allowed most people did this. I have had far more enchanting (and cheaper) days out at Sundown, Butlins et al in the UK. Talking to other people whilst waiting for an hour for a one minute ride all felt the same. I'm still waiting to discover the Magic.Yes all the standards are there and who doesn  t love Thunder Mountain! Indiana Jones was shut for the day, then so was Thunder for quite awhile. I think Thunder is wilder in Paris! All rides are different than in the US, so it makes it fun to see something new.The low rating is not for the standard disney experience, but the park management.The bathrooms STINK. I thought I had walked into a Men  s room. Every one was the same. Some had no soap or towels. The day was not crazy busy like in the US. Most of the sidewalk vendors were closed. Lineups were standard Disney lineups, mostly because there are not as many options. The other reason for the extremely poor rating was because of the food. It was disgusting. Poor selection, poor quality and poor taste. The 500ml drink which had a 500ml mark on it was filled to 300 mls. Cost of the food was fairly standard. You can even get Turkey drumsticks. I would not make this my destination. I will not return. If you are in Paris, there is so much more to do there. Save Disney for the US.Disneyland is pretty to look at but it stop there, the Q's were terrible!! The place if far to busy, they need to do something about the Q jumping, queueing was bad enough without people pushing through to the front,this happened on most rides. There is no comparison beetween the Orlando park and Paris. Oh and dont eat there, 4 euro's for a doughnut what a joke!!!Our trip to Disneyland Paris today was supposed to be a once in a lifetime experience leaving my family with a memory bank full of precious memories. Instead our memories will be of long lines, exhorbitant costs, and sore legs. We purposely selected this attraction on a Monday to avoid crowds....the crowds found us despite the workday and despite the forecast for rain. The fast pass option did not work for us because we purchased printed our tickets online and the fast pass scanners did not work except at the entrance gate to the park. At least 1 ride was closed for reasons unknown after an extremely long time investment standing in line. My last complaint is about the lines. It's foolish to think you won't stand in a line at an amusement park in the summer but I believe the payoff should be worth it and I found most of the rides to be campy. My kudos go to Star Tours and Space Mountain 2, those were almost worth the wait. If you or your kids are disney fanatics then perhaps your visit will be better than ours since you can't walk an inch without disney product placement everywhere. If not, I recommend alternative parks at better rates, shorter lines, and less campy themes. I have no one to blame but myself, I knew better. On the plus side, the staff were all friendly and spoke passable English so If you need that comfort this may be the place for you.Well What a difference to the last time, First attraction broke down, then went to the making of movies set and the tractor or train broke down and yes you are right then the set broke down,Waste of moneyThe food is well over priced and it is dank.The whole place is DIRTY and in a very poor state of repair.POOR MANS FLORIDA, OH YES THE QUE IS JUST AS LONG AND THE TOILETS STINKDuring a recent stay in England we took our daughter and her family to Euro Disney. Our grandchildren are two and four. The park is extremely expensive, example: four sandwiches and five drinks were fifty Euros or the equivalent of $75 CDN. The park itself was dirty and run down. Since the park is situated out in the country away from any town of any size, you pretty well have to stay at one of their hotels. It was rated as three stars....I would say it was greatly over rated. Faulty bathroom fixtures, broken telephone and heat blasting away on a 28 degree C. day. Calls to maintenance were ignored. I would suggest avoiding this Disney...go to one in the US, there is no comparison.We had two days in the park studio using free vouchers from Sky. Unfortunately the lows probably outweigh the highs in this case. We went with 3 adults and 2 small children (1 & 3) so this review is mainly for the small child friendly areas of the park.Getting there wasn't too bad but we arrived at about 10am on the first day, BIG MISTAKE. Once you get close to the park there is a security check which took about 45 mins to get through, in the rain and constant barging and pushing in as no line organisation was in place. After getting in we had another queue to get tickets and then another queue to get in through the gates so it was 11.15am by the time we got in. We got our bearings and found our pre booked lunch restaurant by which point it was 11.45 and lunch was at 12, so we basically got to the park, got in and had to go for lunch.Lunch on the first day was with the princesses and was very up market. Veggie options were very limited (they offered salmon as a veggie option!) which was disappointing so our girls ended up with plain pasta with butter on it, but the princesses did come round and talk to all the kids, have photos taken and sign autographs which was really good. It was VERY expensive though (  50 per adult and about   20 25 for a child) so you needed to have something to justify that. (you can meet the princesses elsewhere in the park but you have a long queue and less time with them). After lunch we hit the rides which all had long queues (30 mins plus for even simple rides) but we did several of the smaller ones like Snow White, Pinocchio and used a fastpass on Peter Pan. The rides are very dark and a bit scary for young kids and tended to be over very quickly. Best ride of the park was  Its a small world  which was very cheesy but quick to get on and very impressive to young eyes. (tip: the right hand lane is fastest) We also did Autotopia which wasn't worth the wait tbh. We left early that day to see the Wild West show (see review) in the village but came back educated and much earlier the next day.Getting there at 8.40 the following day we were up and through the security and ticket queues in time for the gates to open at 9.30. The park is not fully open but you can get in and wait to get into the ride areas at 10am. We went straight to Buzz Lightyear (getting a fastpass for Space Mountain on the way) and it was great to get in with very little queuing ~10 mins. We had time for Orbitron before Space Mountain which was dark, rough and made me feel sick. Still quite early we went across to frontier land but the mine train had a huge queue so we tried the haunted house which was quite good. Lunch was looming and we had reserved a table at Mickeys Cafe for lunch with the characters which was excellent. All characters came round met the kids and had photos and the food was good and much cheaper (though not cheap) than the princesses lunch.After lunch we tried the studios (reviewed seperately) but gave up and came back to the park mid afternoon heading back up to have candy floss, do pirates of the caribbean (good ride, awful queue if you are claustrophobic ) and finally the teacups. It was then time for the parade so we headed back down grabbing dinner from the high street deli. The parade was excellent, every bit as good as the florida equivalent and a real highlight for young kids. The route gets roped off early so make sure you find a good spot about 6.30pm (you can sit on the raised grass around the main square for a good view).Useful tips: Parking is 15 euros but the RER station is right by the entrance and you can park at Val de L'europe shopping centre 1 stop up for free (good tip for heading to paris too!)Get there early! If you are not in the car park by 8.30 9am you probably won't be through security and tickets when the rides open to non hotel guests.Get a fastpass early for must do rides as it very quickly becomes hours to wait to use one and you can only have one at a time. Not all rides have a fastpass!Food and drink is expensive and there are queues everywhere. We saw many people with picnics (despite being told you can't) so I would consider bringing some bits in with you.If you have several days and have seen the parade I would consider doing big rides etc during the parade and lunch as I am convinced it would be quieter given the number of people watching the parade.As a previous reviewer said, if you aren't staying at the park to get access early don't plan on doing everything as the queues are horrific.Summary: Okay but not great and the queues made it barely tolerable. The fact that I had free tickets meant I didn't feel cheated not being able to go on half the rides despite having 2 full days there.Overall... disappointed.We spent a day in the park with three children (6 9 and 11) and found it disappointing, despite having been there ourselves as adults perhaps 15 years ago and enjoying it at the time.I think its ideal for younger children who are not interested in the main rides   our six year old gave it  a gazillion out of a hundred  which says it all... and she was happy to go on the smaller rides where the queues were less absurd. The queues were in intense hot sunshine in some cases with young inadequate cover which is not acceptable for people with children.1) the queues for the main rides on a weekday were RIDICULOUS and systematically   heavily understated at the start points   it took us over an hour to get onto the main rides and in some cases it was listed at 30 mins. I don't mind queueing but I don't like being taken for a ride!2) the  entertainment  in the queues was non existent. Some kids has their Nintendos with them. There were no Disney figures walking about, which I seem to recall from our trip and no details of when the shows or parades included in the main guide. 3) FAST PASS is a joke unless you are very dedicated to using it and you can only use one at a time. You might be asked to come back to a ride three hours later, at which point you might be in the other park! It does cut your queuing time substantially but unless you have DAYS to spend there, you will simply not have enough time to visit even all of the main attractions...4) Buying your rail ticket and park ticket as a bundle is NOT the cheapest option in every case. Check with the information desk in Gare de Lyon. We did and it was substantially cheaper...5) There was an appalling stench of urine and worse in the queuing space for one of the children's rides   I think it was Dumbo. This was not a child having an accident, this was an infrastructural problem which the park management need to address as a serious health risk. Overall I got the impression   whether this is right or not   that they simply admitted too many people and choked the entertainment out of the place. When we asked if they would go back, the 6 yo gave it a resounding yes, the 9 and 11 yos said a resounding NO and compared it very unfavourably with Gardaland and other theme parks, which they enjoyed in previous years. Having been to Florida I don't recall similar problems there and would suggest that Eurodisney, however its branded, is on the decline. I think the intervening years   with the proliferation of state of the art video games and consoles   has rendered these parks suitable for young children ONLY and go there on the quieter days only.FWIWHaving been to both Disney Land and World we expected smaller and quainter at Disney Paris, but what we got was dingy, dirty and overpriced. There were several closed rides, rides that repeatedly broke down and the majority of the restaurants and food kiosks were closed. The bathrooms were disgusting. I must say  EuroDisney  does not live up to the Disney name. Would not recommend.We went in the UK half term with friends so it was expected to be be kids around, the characters I saw were 2 Princess' going onto a break and Minnie mouse with a huge queue by a limosine (Apart from the parade). This is not what i expected from a Disney place. The food although is on teh expensive side it is no cheaper than general Paris prices   expect 2.99 Euro for a 500ml bottle of soft drink in and around the park. There were lots of rides not working and the majority for adults so felt this limited our activities. The studios were alot better for older children and adults and would recommend the Horror hotel rides for those that love the scarier rides. As adults we managed to do both parks between 11 and 6.30 with all teh rides we could go on and then settled to watch the parade. The Parade route startes getting busy about 6 so if you want a good spot get there early could see a lot of dissapointed people turning up just before 7 and not getting a viwing space they wanted.The trains are frequent and buying tickets was not an issue.Oh Dear , from my visit to Euro Disney in 2010 to June 2012 what a deline in standards and attractions at Euro Disney.Hardly any characters about , rides closed or breaking down in mid flight and very very dirty . Having travelled all over the world and to some very remote parts of Africa, France is the only place i have become ill.Shows were cancelled for no reason. To think it is their 20 anniversary they havent made much of an effort.If the park carries on like this i think i will close .I would expect that all the D Parks would have the same quality as found here. But what was disturbing was how many of the primary attraction were under repair. This forced us on to the less desirable rides with longer wait times. Compound that with the policy of pulling the FAST PASS off line. So what is the point of buying the hotel package with the FAST PASS only not be able to use it. I think that comparing it with CA and FL parks this one will rank as; Buyer BewareThis was the worst theme park for adults I've ever come across. There is literally a handful of things adults can do, we were in and out of BOTH parks in under 4 hours! Such a waste of money and time getting there. My friend had gone there the week before and advised me not to go, but we had already pre paid our tickets and I thought it's Disneyland.. it can't be bad. But yes, I'm afraid Disneyland Paris is.The park was clean and you can get alot of good photos, but I saw no hint of staff members in the park except on the rides. It's a huge park and getting from ride to ride can be confusing and long. I recommend sight seeing Paris and not wasting your money venturing to Disneyland Paris.Rides were great but after queuing for an hour and to be told the ride had to close due to technical problems was very very annoying. This happend 3 times in one day so it was very frustrating. Several of the rides were closed at half term which I was surprised at. Food very expensive, no coffee shops . I have visited Disney World in Orlando numerous times so this is the experience I am comparing Disneyand Paris to. I am a massive Disney fan and I know the Disney company prides itself on perfection, the best customer service and a magical experience across all of it's parks, well I am sorry to say that Disneyland Paris didn't really have any of these. Basically it doesn't come anywhere close to the Orlando resort and I found that Disneyland Paris definitely does NOT have the Disney magic or atmosphere that it should have. Yeah we had fun, went on most of the rides (admittedly a few are better than Orlando versions), the queues were not as big as Orlando. To cut a long story short:GOOD:  The Disney Dreams show at the castle and the fireworks were out of this world, really amazing! (this was about the only hint of Disney magic that I felt in 2 full days at the parks)  Space Mountain Mission 2 was faster and longer than the Orlando version, as was Thunder Mountain, I guess this is because they are newer and more modern  Indiana Jones rides was good to experience as not been on it before  The Tarzan show was good for watching all of the acrobats but didn't understand the story at all as it was in French (not complaining about the language though as I'm all for when in Rome.... lol)  I know this is in Disney Village but I would recommend the Buffalo Bills Wild West Dinner show as this was a great night, I really really enjoyed this!BAD:  The customer service and attitude from the majority of the Disney staff was absolutely terrible, definitely not the usual happy, smiley, cheerful, helpful Disney staff that I am used to. All very miserable and try to avoid helping you most of the time!  The ride queue times were no where near accurate. Star Tours stated 15 mins so we decided to go on due to the short queue time... 55 mins later we actually got on the ride! The same happened with a few other rides whereby you can't see the actual queue so very difficult to judge how long you will be stuck in it  LOADS of the restaurants in the park were closed in the middle of the day and there was nothing to advise you of this on entry to the park. Wasted a good hour walking around just searching for an eating establishment that was actually open.  The general cleanliness and standard of the park is not up to Disney standard. There isn't any litter but the furniture, benches and props just seem worn, scratched and in need of replacing.   The park is full of very pushy visitors who were just obnoxious, rude and didn't know the meaning of the word queue. Although not directly Disneys fault, there could be a Disney cast member controlling the busy queues (like in Orlando)  Huge lack of characters around the park, not good when children have been waiting so long and got excited about seeing the characters  Most of the toilets were dirty, blocked or out of order. One particular toilet block looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a week! Very smelly... yuck!I could go on and on but I won't bore you anymore lol. In conclusion, we had fun and our trip wasn't a disaster or anything but my heart remains with Disney World Orlando. I really believe that Disneyland Paris need to up their game and paint some smiles on their staffs faces before I will ever return.We went to Disneyland Park Paris because we wanted our children to experience all that Disney magic. Apart from the light show in the evening which was very good there is no magic there! No characters walking around for the kids to get photos with. Most of the fast pass machines weren't working. All round a disappointmentVisited half term June 2012, parks are small & few rides. You can easily do both parks in one day if you get to studios at 10 and Disneyland parc late afternoon so save your money if you must go just get the one day ticket. Staff unfriendly and miserable (so not the Disney ethos) toilets stink and no atmosphere. Only decent rides Hollywood tower, aerosmith and indiana jones and at least 3 main rides were closed. Car stunt show was entertaining but 2 hour wait horrendous and 3000 people crammed into grandstand like sardines. Disney village very poor and expensive we ate at annette's (food cold) and earl of sandwich (revolting) shops were rubbish. Best entertainment was buffalo bills wild west show (food was ok seating good & show entertaining) suggest anyone considering going to Disneyland paris saves up & heads to Florida instead for the real disney experience.This was our thrid trip (and most definitely final) trip to Disneyland Paris. Whereas previous trips have been spoiled by aggresive french pushing past to get to the front of the queue this was not the case this time. Rather the problems were that a lot of the attractions were closed and why does no one stop the locals from smoking in the queue, despite asking for them to put cigarettes out we were ignored! I complained to staff and was met with a shrug of the shoulders. WDW has rules and etiquette, which is there to make the trip comfortable for all. Disneyland Paris does not seem to have the same consideration. We had dinner in the Blue Lagoon Restaurant, really lovely food VERY EXPENSIVE and the service was slow but the food more than made up for it. The rides that were open were good, my favourite is the Tower of Terrors.in a nutshell.....this was our second visit and please dont waste your money, save another wee while and go to florida. A poor replication of the real disney magic, horrible rude staff and people visiting it, crowds and queues for parades etc insane and stressful due to people. Food disgusting and too expensive for what it is. Everything you encounter is done properly in florida and poorly in france. previous reviews make reference to the fact that the staff are rude because we are visiting their country and not speaking french....that is a crazy comment   this is DISNEY and the staff should bend over backwards to help you as they do in usa (apart from that my husband speaks fluent french and was still treated with contempt and arrogance).  the only saving grace we had was the extra magic hour we had in morning when the kids had fun on their favourite rides without the scrum of rude people pushing in front of them....at one point a couple actually knocked their own child out of her buggy they were rushing so hard to get in front of us! the whole day felt chaotic....people pushing children to get at front of parade...in u. s there are various parades and so it doesnt feel so pressured.please listen to me....save for another while and book florida!To set things straight: this was our first Disney experience, and may have well been our last. At least in Europe... We were mitigating our expectations, which in case of people who grew up behind the Iron Curtain dreaming about places like this is not that easy, even many years later and with a happy kid of our own, now living in much better world. But despite being careful about that, we left with the sense of disappointment.True, the Park is impressive, terrain is appointed beautifully, some of the attractions are great, other average. True, Disney has a lot of capital from its movies and characters. But it is an opportunity lost. And it's not about dirty and smelly toilets, or lousy Ipad app or web page. It's about many little things that overshadow whatever  Disney experience  is was supposed to be. Queues were terrible. We did not manage to find an attraction with waiting time less than 30 minutes, for a ride of 3. We did eventually see Mickey at the parade at 7 pm   and none of the characters throughout the day. Nor have we seen experienced any sort of help advice interest courtesy from the pretty much absent staff. We were informed, that number of restaurants close at 5 pm   just when we planned to grab something to eat, which left us running around to find anything open. And once we found it, the queue to the toilet for kids was about 15 minutes waiting time. And that's only after you wait another 15 minutes for the table. And then because of the toilet queue you can't watch the parade because, as everywhere, there's just too many people to find a good spot   and the number of people is eventually the biggest issue throughout the visit. You just try to navigate through crowd while trying not to lose your kid instead of focusing on what is nice out there. And when you top it all up with the regular ticket prices   it then becomes quite ridiculous. We left in the evening, with the impression we were welcome to spend money big time, and not at all bother to ever come back. Disappointed by Disney. Disappointed by the American type service quality we expected in this place, we love, we miss and we found none of. Disappointed by way management doesn't seem to even try to make things right. And so we spent the next day in Le Bourget Air and Space Museum   different concept, different place, fraction of a price, at least double the fun for kids and their parents.not very enjoyable to wait about two hours ques and ride for 3 minutes; it is really waste of money (55 euro per capita). Instead take your child to an amusement centre every fortnight. never again...Don't see too many  middle of the road  reviews here, but after finally going to Disneyland Paris with my wife and 2 small kids I can honestly say that the good stuff is there, along with the bad. I'm glad I did this for myself, but I would never visit this park again unless there were some serious changes.The good:  Dinner at Cafe Mickey was the highlight. The food was edible    not great but not bad    and by itself would be considered overpriced. However, you're not paying for the food, you're paying for the show. And its not really a show, its 5 separate Disney characters coming out and visiting every single table, taking their time to pose for pictures, play with the guests, etc. Its really well done, and afterwards a manager visits each table to ensure that each character visited.   The attractions were mostly fun, and despite all the hassles listed below, my kids still had a great time.The Bad  In a nutshell: the park is poorly managed, from rides, parking, concessions, and sanitation. There are fewer rides and activities than the parks in the U.S., instead there are lots of places to buy overpriced food and souvenirs. The park is also smaller than in the U.S., or at least feels that way.  Rides weren't managed well, in terms of getting people on and off (which took longer than many of the rides). The train that runs around the park ran super slow because they only ran half the trains.   Pirates of the Caribbean is shorter than the one in the U.S., and its so dark its hard to see.   Not enough bathrooms and they were disgusting. Given the   of sanitation codes in the EU, I'm surprised they haven't been shut down yet. Long waits, and we went on a rainy weekday...can't imagine this during the peak season.  Food was a total rip off, as everyone says.  Unlike the U.S. parks, smoking is allowed everywhere (in the U.S., its only in a few designated areas). Parents smoking in tight lines, blowing smoke and ashes to everyone around them...it was really, really bad.If you've never been to a Disney park and can't get to the U.S., this might be worth it. But if you have a choice between this and one of the U.S. parks, go to the U.S.My husband was part of the management team that opened Disney 20 years ago. He had been looking forward to going back with our five year old but instead felt let down. I was glad that he    a Disneyphile    felt that way because it validated my own sense of disappointment. Why would we not go back and not recommend Disney to others? Let us count the ways...* expensive. At   51pp, you expect certain standards. Read on...* crowded. In April post school holidays, we still only managed eight rides in the day. You do the math.* smoking. It appears they allow people to smoke in a children's theme park. Say something to a smoker blowing in your face and you risk an uprising.* cleanliness: what can I say? It was filthy and toilets more so. We did not see cleaners until evening.* food offer: poor quality, limited choice and extortionate (and we are from central London...)* several rides out of actionGrosso modo...we won't be back and for a family with strong Disney ties and memories, that is saying a lot.Such a disappointment. The parks look great. The rides are superb. Everything else falls well below the standard you'd expect from Disney. We went to the park mid week, and immediately noticed that most of the restaurants were closed, even the theme restaurants where we'd hoped to have dinner (Buffalo Bills). The restaurants which were open were shockingly overpriced and the food was horrific, the staff were rude and discourteous. At a Disney Park, you expect to meet and see Disney characters (if you've been to Florida you'll know that you can bump into Mickey or Donald as you wander around). There were none, with the exception of the parade later in the day there was not a single character in sight. Such a disappointment.My impression of Disnleyland Paris is that a fantastic American concept has been brought to France, and sadly the French just aren't up to the job of making people happy and delivering the Disney experience. When we went, it just felt like they couldn't really be bothered.Can't say that I hugely loved this theme park. The ratio of time spent queuing to time on an enjoyable ride is approximately 14:1. When you do get on a ride it's actually quite enjoyable but the whole experience is marred by the overwhelming and prevailing number of queues, all of which are extraordinarily lengthy in the extreme. I found myself leaving the park early just to avoid having to stand in any more queues. You even queue up for ages in each and every eatery and in every shop.Also not the best place to spend any time unless you enjoy beng surrounded by prefabricated artificiality and a baffling level of quotidian teddy bears.We have visited Disneyland Paris a few times now, but sadly our most recent visit will be our last.The park felt dated and shabby, the staff didn't seem to want to be there and it's horrendously expensive, even for an awful cup of tea. If you visit my advice would be to take a flask and your own food into the park for lunch. There is a very good Auchan supermarket 5 mins away at Val d'europe shopping centre. The bus or train will take you there. It will save you a lot of money. I think the biggest disappointment this time was the meet the Princesses attraction next to 'it's a small world'. My daughter adores all the Disney Princesses and we decided on our last day to meet them all (or so we thought). The attraction opens at 10am but we started to queue at 9.30 and at this time there was already a huge queue, we should have been waiting at 9am. When the doors opened at 10am we had another wait for over an hour. When we were finally at the front of the queue, we were told that there were 2 princesses there behind a screen but we could only see one princess and in our case it would be Aurora. We weren't given a choice. If we wanted to see another princess we would have to queue again (at least another hour and a half!) and there were no guarantees as to who that would be. My daughter was so upset as we expected to see lots of princesses. We were ushered in to see Aurora for all of 1  2 minutes and a professional Disney photographer took photos, we were then told to leave where they then try to sell you the pictures which are incredibly expensive. So beware and take your own camera with a flash! This is just one example of the many ways Disney try to exploit you as parents, they really don't care about the feelings of your little ones. To watch my daughter go from excited to crestfallen was horrible.I think they are aiming on a single french speaking audience because of the poor language skills and lack of friendliness of the staff. Only some Belgian and Dutch student workers could meet the standards.It's a pity to see such a park in hands of the Parisian mentality.Also this is by far the worst maintained parks of the Disney group.The French think they own the place, the main goal of Disneyland Paris is to part you with your money, The whole place is just a total rip off and sub standard compared to the Florida park.I spent my last day of my European holiday in Disneyland . I expected so much more !! Long queues , millions of people all over , I did not enjoy it as much as I thought !! It cost me 600 euros for the day ( transport and entrance and spending money ) . I would have rather gone sightseeing in the city , again !!I know its March, lucky with the weather and the set up at the Davey Crocket Ranch was good, except they are not log cabins but trailers, despite the asthetics they work really well are warm, comfortable and you don`t feel packed in if you get one thats on the outside of the loop, then there was the entertainment, or complete lack of it The pool was open during the day and very little else, we had young children with us and did not wish to drag than down there in the evening. During the day it was more like a ghost town. Staff were good, shop expensive. The Disnet parks themselves were probably getting set up for the anniversary this summer, many of the rides were3 down, maintenance was being carried out and even though some of the rides were up and running they were only on half speed, so the queue was much longer than neccessary had they used the whole of the ride. Food and drinks are expensive, drop into the local supermarket for your supplies and take it with you, or pay through the nose and have to queue into the bargain. The youngsters were tired with a lot of walking, the maps are poor and difficult to follow, if you want to see the procession get there early and pop up onto the station. What ever you do keep hold of your youngest because there seems to be no system for lost children at all which really suprised meWe found that the studios tour parc was so much better for our family than the main park. The Hollywood Hotel ride was great and the studio stunts tour was really good and we sepnt a good day in that parc. The other parc aart from the wow factor of main street looking like oldie world USA the main parc was so geared towards little kids and my kids were a bit bored by it. I can not believe what people will a. queue for b. pay for. 7.50 euro for a balloon and queueing to have a photo with minnie mouse! I was very surprised that the characters were not walking around the park. My best advice is DO NOT try leaving the aprk after the 5pm parade it is a scrum and well worth sitting and waiting until it empties a bit. I do not recommend anyone with children older than 10 yrs to go here Alton towers or chessington would be far better. Pack drinks and snacks and eat them in the very long queues. The fast pass is only on a very few rides.Just returned from a 5 day visit to Disneyland Paris and overall enjoyed the park and the Santa Fe hotel but would advise people if they want a great magical experience at Disney to visit Florida instead. The parks were small and packed with people to the brim. Queues to enter the parks were massive due mainly to bad planning on the bag inspection area (only 2 people hand searching bags and one scanner) Queues for rides horrendous friday sat and sunday. The Disney staff were mainly friendly except for one colleague operating the Crushers Coaster ride, who did not give me time to get into the car before ripping my back pack over my head and slamming down the safety bar onto my leg causing bruising and pain for the past 5 days. On complaining to customer relations, they seemed indifferent to me and only offered pen and paper to jot down my complaint. I was not even offered a replacement popcorn, which the operator spilt over the car which had cost me 9. euros for my grandaughter. Customer service, organisation of rides and gates seriously need attention at this park. Would I go again....................probably not. Would I recomment.....................no and have my impression of the Disney company changed...............yes.save your money and time and visit Florida instead they kow how to treat people with respect!Maybe I am prejudiced and expected it to be as the USA.It started from parking the car, some of the travellators were not working, we then went straight to the nearest toilet facilities as we had traveled for 4 hours, not to usual Disney standard. There was building work everywhere, spoiling a lot of photo opportunities. As stated we had been informed of some ride closures, but were not told about all the full service restaurants being closed, there was maybe one open but after walking with a hungry 21 month old child to three and finding them all closed gave up the hunt, even the very helpful staff were not sure what was open. Being told that it will be much better in April for the 20th anniversary did not help at all. if the park is only going to be half open either charge 1 2 fee's or close completely do not abuse peoples love of Disney, Having traveled from the UK. had it not been for my Gran daughters face at meeting Minnie and Pooh I would have considered it a complete waste of money.I went here on 8th March, I was away on a trip to Paris for my birthday and as this is the 2nd year in a row I have been in Paris I thought we would give it a go. We bought the 2 park ticket which was    64 each was I suppose is an average price but when we got into the actual disneyland park most of the attractions were closed claiming to be getting refurbished for improvement which was disappointing. We also waited in the queue for Frontierland for approx. 50 minutes for an announcement in French saying that the ride was now out of use...we were given fastpass tickets for when it came back on but the park was closing shortly by this time so there seemed no point to this.We took in our own food but went to buy a hot choc at one of the umpteen vendors but the service was terrible...the woman serving us had the cup under the machine...pressing coffee when I clearly asked for hot choc then moved it under the choc without changing the cup...rank & lazy so I told her to forget it.the parade at 5pm was good but over very quickly. The whole experience was very disappointing and I will never return.I recently went to Disneyland Paris and was extremely disappointed.There are not many rides in the park and even less if you are with young children. Also, having to queue for over an hour for a very short ride gets very tiring by the end of the morning. There is an option to Fas ttrack your ticket which is very useful, but with so few rides and so many people the queues are still huge.I found the staff there to be very helpful and generally happy, the price of food in the park was reasonable and there are certainly so many shops with toys and stuff for sale.We toyed with buying a two day pass, but there is no way I was going to spend two days standing in line for a short ride.Apart from that, my four year old had a good time but became really restless having to stand around for so long.We bought season pass tickets for Disney as we live in Paris, and have been there three times already. Once in December (a very busy time), once in January, and once at the end of February. The day we went in December was extremely busy (granted it was close to Christmas), and lines were extremely long. Even Buzz Lightyear was over an hour wait, and we utilized Fast pass on that one. Utilizing fast passes though, in total, we only rode about 5 rides for the whole day. Lines were just crazy long. My main complaint is that the park does not have designated smoking areas for the smokers. Do you know how many people smoke in Europe?!!! There are smokers everywhere, and they even smoke while waiting in the lines, even though there are non smoking signs clearly marked there. The visits in January and February were more tolerable (less people, less smokers), but again we were constantly walking into wafts of smoke, and again we had to deal with idiots smoking in line. I told one employee who told the young girls it was not allowed, only to have the young girls continue to smoke, and clearly flout the authority of the employee. It's ridiculous. I had to yell at them to get them to stop, and the whole scene is not ideal for kids (including me having to yell). In terms of public smoking, Disneyland Paris is 30 years behind the US. Just have designated smoking areas! Finally, as to the park itself, it pales in comparison to the Anaheim Disneyland and Disney world. It's not terrible, but smaller, though my son did like the Suspension Bridge. Thunder mountain was closed on 2 of our visits, but we finally got to ride it on our last visit. The second park, Disney Studios, is very small, and seemed like an afterthought. Even the tram ride left much to be desired, but lines here in Jan Feb were much shorter (approx 20 minutes), though my son wanted to leave that park quickly and go back to Disney. In all, I won't be returning to Disneyland Paris once our passes are through, and don't recommend this park to anyone. If you're going to Disney, go to the one in America, go to the original.Half Term as parents with an eight year old, we embarked upon our first trip to Disneyland Paris and overall, felt disappointed despite our child enjoying the experience. Pros: pain free transfer from CDG airport on VEA Navette to the resort; staying at Disney's Hotel New York was close to the parks and provided plenty photo opportunities with Disney characters. Cons: hotel's well publicised ice skating rink was an additional cost despite staying there and anyway, was out of use for the full four days, despite freezing temperatures outside and Disney lakes being frozen over thus halting boat trips. Accommodation requires urgent updating. Food is unhealthy, tasteless and of a poor standard throughout. We chose not to opt for meal deals as part of out package, thinking this would provide the freedom and choice for better food. How wrong were we? Believe it or not, the best place for a fresh salad and water was McDonalds! Shame on you Disney. Also their coffee machines throughout the resort are awful. Best coffee was at the airport. Tips: use FastPass where you can; the Disneyland Paris App is not always updated with queue times etc. or does not offer the option of making a restaurant reservation; buy tickets for Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show; best 'Cast Members' were those at the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.Only about a third of the attractions were open and the rides were well past their use by date. When you're paying hundreds of euros for a family day out, you expect way more than this. Never again!not worth the money. all of the year it is crowded and horrible, and you have to queue for an hour just to get on a 30 second ride. their food is terrible, and it isnt' even good food! there was JUST ONE good ride though. it was long and fun. t was the buzz lightyear lazer blast. other from that, it is torture and in the shops (note that there are shops everywhere you look, selling garbage for ridiculous prices) you end up sppending more than you spent to even get IN there. NOT going again!What a shame this is no where near as good as I remember. Back in the days all these rides were brilliant...now, star tours shakes so much you end up with whiplash, indiana jones breaks your neck, the mine train is about as stable as Charlie Sheen, Space mountain breaks down every 10 minutes, its a small world is just breaking up, phantom manor no longer excites and everything else is just old and falling to pieces. This place needs new rides big time. The old stuff just cant cut it anymore, Theres construction going on all over the place and the food halls were all so packed. Real dissapointment....SPEND SOME MONEY DISNEY Park has a huge amount of hotels surrounding it but is not big enough to cope with the numbers as it has hardly any rides   just one main ride in each 'land' we went off peak and queues were horrendous as there's just not enough to go on. This means queue waits are in excess of 1 hour which is a nightmare for small children. Fast track where you get a ticket and then an allocated time allowing you to queue jump in available (free) on some rides and helps, but there simply aren't enough rides or attractions, gardens(none), play parks saw two small ones but both closed to play in. Many rides nothing out of the ordinary, tea cups, generic up down and round and round ride for kids, dumbo, rockets, aladdin etc all the same ride. It is very pretty but it just doesn't deliver on the ride or activity front. Food is also v expensive as you would expect and restaurants were open one day and closed the next which was a real pain.Ok, maybe it's logical, but it was not to me.Whe had to party for a friend's thesis and book.We went there in high spirits.But actuyally I could never go back alone or with a girlfriend or enven to spend an amusing daytime.After 16, the only reason to go there is if you have a child obliging you or a group of mad drunk friends that want to loose an evening.Visited 3 5 february. It was bitterly cold. On friday the park closed at 18:00. Got up early to get the extra hours, on saturday, only to find only 3 attractions open and nowhere to get a hot ( or cold) drink. Bear in mind it's well below freezing, so what do you do? Four goes on Buzz lightyear with zero queues! Having been to Florida I suppose I was spoilt, but no fireworks,evening light parades or shows was very disappointing.. The whole area is very expensive.    2.75 for a small coffee out of a dispensing machine or    4.75 in Starbucks for a large coffee. For the four of us   18  for 4 hot drinks. Save a few extra pennies and go back to Florida. Don't think I'll go again.This was a dream holiday just me and my 6yr old daughter to surprise her at christmas, but we were both so disappointed. I'd booked in advance for the 'enchanted christmas' season. My little girl just wanted to stay in the hotel room and do colouring so that just sums up how poor an experience it was.Flying there was time consuming, the airport at paris was not good, we set off from our home in north west england at 5:30am and arrived at the hotel (seqoia lodge) after 3pm.Sadly we don't speak french so we was not aware of any information about what was at the hotel etc. We ended up going to bed at 8pm that night because there was nothing to do and nowhere to buy any drinks or food! The TV did not work, and the room key was faulty (as many other room key's were too i discovered). Our room was nice enough and had a nice view of the lake, but it was a very long distance from the reception, so this was awful when we couldn't get into the room and had to keep going to reception. I'd advise not to use the mini bar in the room as there are incredible charges for this.Disney village   just shops (all selling the same thing), and eating places (all expensive with big waiting times)Disney park   what an absolute let down!!! we did not see any characters about the park, I paid   75 for my little girl to have dinner with the princesses, the food was awdul and blink and you'll miss what princesses came in! The castle was absolutely beautiful though and this was an absolute credit to disney   this is the only thing my little girl an I liked really. A lot of rides were closed. Santa's village was very poor   we waited in a queue for at least an hour with nothing to amuse the children, there was a post station were kids could write to santa but we found the girl giving them out very rude so didn't bother. You wouldn't have guessed it was christmas   apart from a big tree on main street and a little bit of pretend snow. Fantasyland was the only place with suitable rides for her age, but many were shut and the queues awful. One of the main attractions the pirate boat was shut too. Again all the shops sold exactly the same things in each   not what the guide book siad. The parades were poor   only 2 or 3 floats and we couldn't get anywhere near to really see.Studios park   awful. Getting in the entrance was a trauma in itself there was no organisation at all. Just same shops again, and massive queues for things, the queues were confusing too, you thought you were queueing for one thing then realised it was for something else. We didn't bother staying in. So sadly I was very upset at the experience. firends of mine have been 5 times at christmas although have not been for 5 years   the pictures they have are amazing   characters everywhere, pretend snow falling from roofs at main street when incredible parades where on   this was not the case when we went. So if you're going to go there don't expect too much and you'll have a good time!Hardly any rides where open if you have a push chair with you , good luck getting on anything. When the characters are out there is no queuing system for photos people just shove you out of the way. Save your money. Fail on disneys partBeing American and having visited Disneyland and Disneyworld in the USA I was not prepared for Eurodisney's total lack of crowd and quality control. Yes   we went during the British School Half Term week plus it was also Halloween weekend, but when you cannot even walk around the park there is something wrong with management for not limiting admission numbers. 2 to 3 hour lines for 2 minute rides had young children in tears everywhere. Disney has been deleted from any future family holiday choices. Do not visit at anything like a peak time!Based on the recommendations of some reviewers, we planned our trip for October (low season). We bought a  one day one park  ticket, and honestly it's not worth half the money! it was unbelievably crowded we couldn't get into any site without having to wait at least an hour in each line! Plus, we were not aloud to get more than 1 express pass at a time. Very expensive restaurants, and although we were willing to pay that much, we couldn't find a place to sit... Overall, it was a very disappointing experience...This was second visit to this park and definately my last. I expected large crowds but the queues for everything from the rides, to the food outlets, toilets, tickets, left luggage was so tiring and endlessly frustrating that my 7 year old grand daughter started to say, well that will be 60 mins of my life I wont get back! Even the fast track ticket system failed to deliver with rides breaking down and a faulty magnetic strip. Many of the shows attractions where we thought there would be chance to give the legs a rest, you could not enjoy because they were designed for standing only giving a very restricted view for both children and adults. eg Peter Pan Show, and others were only memorable by our aching muscles. However the Parades continue to deliver the disney magic but the park itself was a huge disappointment.Hugely disappointing. Very poor relative of Disney World Florida. In fact on the face of it, the park seems like an imposter. Gone is the wow factor, the oohs and aahs from the children. Most of the staff seem to hate their jobs, with smiles being hard to come by. One or two staff members go out of their way to be pleasant and helpful in true Disney style. The facilities are extreme. Food wise the restaurants are the most extortionately expensive I have ever come across. The cheapest for a family of two adults and two children is lunch for   100  Cinderella's Castle dinner would have cost a total of   415!!!!The toilets are an utter disgrace. In the two full days we spent at the park we did not see one single toilet attendant. It was typical to see excrement smeared across the toilet seat. If this is the standard French people are used to, they must be walking health hazards.Our visit on New Year's Eve included a 'spectacular' firework display at the stroke of midnight. It seemed a good idea to let the New Year in with a bang   what was provided was more of a fizzle than a bang. None of the signature cascading colourful display, just single shooting coloured rockets fizzling to nothing.Considering the onsite charges for food etc it is an utter disgrace that the park is not better maintained. Rides frequently broke down. We went on Buzz Lightyear 3 times and it broke down at least twice each time. Health and Safety appears to be non existent. At nightfall the park becomes a nightmare to traverse with very sparse lighting, cracked walkways galore, unmarked hazards such as very low fences, rockeries and slippery floors. Even the travelator to the car parks turned into a skating rink!!!It would be interesting to know how many visitors return home injured or with infections, food poisoning etc.A final tip: Disney Village has an excellent MacDonald's restaurant (normally one of my pet hates) they do not hike up their prices. We had 2 happy meals and 2 adults meals for less than   20   an absolute bargain by Disneyland Paris standards. Also they have an incredibly efficient touch screen ordering facility where you can order and pay by card. By the time you are finished paying your meal is ready for collection. Go off peak time as it gets very busy. Easier to find a seat then. Staff struggle to keep up with clearing tables but at least the toilets are cleaner than the Disney parks.The French, with their well earned criticism for being rude, arrogant and unhelpfull, were to me, always unhappy bedfellows with Disney, a charming, warm, welcoming and entertaining company. While I am no expert on Disney Parks, I have been to the one's in the U.S.A. and there is simply no comparison. We have visited Disneyland Paris 4 times in the last few years and this is the worst it has ever been. The park looks very worn out and the rides keep breaking down. We had 6 stops on one ride alone for  technical problems . The new attractions were having  technical problems  most days. We were there for 5 days and there were rides not working on all the days in both parks. We were not able to get on the Crusher ride, my sons favourite, as this broke down at least three times a day! He was very upset as we could not ride this as the queues when it did work were 90 mins long. The parades were non existent, there used to be 3 parades a day and lots of Christmas cheer, now you get 1 in each park and only 6 floats! The dancers were a troop but now you get a couple dancing only! The Christmas decorations were sparse to say the least; the lack of Disney characters was very noticeable as they only came out for the photo shoots etc but no interaction or fun. The costs have grown and you should expect to pay top prices for the cheapest quality. Restaurants in the village as well as the park are not delivering any service and the cost of a family of 4 with a 2 course meal will set you back 120 Euros. The staffs looked unhappy and have no Christmas additions to their uniforms, no Santa hats or tinsel or any reference to Christmas at all! If your looking for a bit a sparkle and fun before Christmas give Disneyland Paris a miss.This was my 4th visit to Disneyland but will not be back..4 rides broke down either we were really unlucky or this is a case of bad maintance it has never happend before.But when you pay the amount of money and you have disappointed kids who have queued then there is a serious problem.Wait to hear back from Disneyland..If you go and are expecting a Florida Disney World experience you will probably be disappointed. The lines were extremely long. People were smoking while standing in line and every time the line stopped moving it seemed like everyone jumped up on the railings which made the wait even longer as everyone climbed down to move forward. We waited in line for the Aerosmith Roller Coaster for over two hours. Apparently, just as we reached the inside of the non air conditioned building the ride broke down, we don't know what happened because no one made and announcement. After sitting on the floor for another 30 minutes without moving we just left. After nearly 8 hours we managed to only get on three rides. On a positive note, I will say that the two meals we ate in the park were reasonably priced and good.We are avid Disney fans having been to Florida and California several times but OMG Ths place is awful. The staff are rude, ignorant and not reflecting dsney values at all. Most of them look like they don't want to be there, no smiles and if asked a question they glare at you leaving you feeling like you wished you had not asked. We stayed at the Newport Bay hotel which was ok, glad we wet half board plus as the food everywhere here is extemley expensive so I advise to go for this option. Everywhere here costs money even the little train or ferry from the hotel is    2 each !! All free in the US both the parks can be done in a couple of days this time of year. They really need to look at the Disney example in the US to flagship this one as its tired, messy, and dirty in places and Disney really need to sort the staff out as their reputation is definitely at risk and I definitely won't be back after this experience.What a disappointment. We (young couple) went for our anniversary but really it was only enjoyable if you fancy standing in long queues. We went on a Monday, hoping that it was be quieter but the lines were at least 60 90 minutes for each ride. Only having a one day pass it meant we had no chance of seeing all the rides.I had researched the fastpass system but I don't know how it works as every ride we went on had the fast pass booths closed so we had to wait for all the rides (or at least the ones we could be bothered doing).We won't be going back!We have just come back from spending two days with our grandchildren, aged 4 and 6, at Disneyland Park. Although the children really enjoyed themselves we were exceedingly disappointed by the whole experience and how much it cost. The steam fair in the local park would have provided just as much fun for a tenth of the price. The whole place seems to be designed to pack in as many people as possible and treat them as badly as possible. The queues even for food are horrendous and when you get the food it is hardly worth eating. We couldn't find anywhere to sit inside so we were glad it wasn't raining. We tried a la carte in two different places as a result   what a disappointment too. I have just broken my leg so didn't plan to go on any rides. After the first day, when my husband and kids had only managed to get on three attractions, I decided I needed to go with them. People with disabilities go to the front of the queue   so with my magic pass we managed five attractions. But it took us two hours on the first day to obtain our pre booked park tickets, queue to get through security, queue for my wheelchair, queue to get in to the park and queue to get my disability pass. So some compensation. My advice to everyone is DON'T go   but obviously judging by the crowds many people do like it   and do back for me. Our grandchildren loved it and will tell their friends it is a fantastic place. I'm afraid, it confirmed all my worst prejudices.Pros: easy acess from Paris, a nice break for kids who are weary from Paris (museums, sigthseeing), familiar rides that my 8 year old son looked forward to, well organized and similar to both Disneyland and Magic Kingom   Orlando.Cons: smoking is allowed EVERYWHERE, and I mean EVERYWHERE even where you cannot escape it (eg people light up right next to you while you're stuck standing in line for Small World)...why they haven't banned it at Disneyland is amazing and a huge turnoff; I found the park on the rather unclean and worn side (worn pain, litter in places) that you just wouldn't see in other Disney locations; my son is tall enough to ride Indiana Jones and Space Mountain back in the US but was disappointed when turned away as not tall enough for the rides in Paris (parents...please check the minimum heights before you go to set expectations with kids because it's different here); I'm tolerant of different cultures yet found that the 'Disney brand of fun' with the staff didn't carry forward here...for example, many staff in the food areas seemed like they didn't like their jobs, were checking their watches, didn't smile much. Not a big deal unless you're a Disney fan and know that this isn't usually the case with staff in other parks. Lastly, while you could get this anywhere, I had a man directly in front of us take nearly 200 flash photos during It's a Small World...in the US, this would be discouraged but here it's tolerated. Kinda ruined the 45 minutes we waited for the ride. Oh...and FYI for first timers to Europe, Sunday is family day so you're likely to have extremely long waits if you visit Disneyland Paris on a Sunday. 60 95 minutes wait per ride was our experience. We are big Disney fans but this was a letdown and while we can say 'been there done that' we won't be back :(We have been to all the Disney World parks, California Disneyland and Adventureland, and Disneyland Hong Kong. All were great. So I was surprised to find how bad of an experience we had in Disneyland Park and Studios.I won't complain about the cost of food and drinks, and they are expensive in all amusement parks, and it's just expensive in Europe period.The parks and rides themselves are mostly the same, although I found the Peter Pan ride to be very dark in the beginning. You could hardly see anything. After the dusk, many areas of the park are poorly lit! It was scary and few to no staff around.We were surprised to find that there are no nightly fireworks. The fireworks were at Disney Village (like Disney Downtown) on certain nights and to me had no Disney feel about it. It was more of a laser light show with rock or pop music (nothing to do with Disney) finishing off with some fireworks. The show lasted like 30 minutes, way too long. We were very bored and towards the end just wanted it to end. Actually, we left before it finished because we had dinner reservations at Cafe Mickey. I could not tell what the theme of the show was. Pink Floyd played at one point. I love Pink Floyd, but have no idea what it has to do with Disney.The parks are not that old, but the bathrooms look old and stink!My biggest complaint is all the smoking. You cannot escape it. People even smoke in line! I didn't notice in Disneyland Park, but I remember seeing a small sign just at the beginning of the line entrances in Studio in French that indicates no smoking. No one is around to enforce it, and if there is a rule to only smoke in designated areas of the park, no one follows it. I was just in shock by the number of people smoking, especially with all the kids around. Most of these people are smoking with their kids next to them, so of course they could care less about other kids. This really ruined the experience for us as my son and I are very sensitive to smoke. By the 2nd day, I had a sore throat. My son was coughing.Being Disney lovers, we want to go to all the Disney parks. We glad we came because we can mark Paris off, but what a shame we have had a bad Disney experience.We had been planning to take our son to Disneyland Paris for some months but were so disappointed when we arrived. It is about 45min away from Paris so requires some travel. Really expensive to get in & then eat (which we had expected though). We could barely move it was so busy so I would hate to see what it is like in high season. Lines to get on even basic rides like the 'Merry Go Round' were 40mins which is ridiculous with a 1 year old. And worst of all, after searching high and low, we couldn't find Mickey Mouse anywhere to have a photo with him. Or really any character for that matter. Really disppointing!Children really enjoyed it (boys age 6 & 7) thank goodness.CrowdsRight form the start we were stood in a large mob of people which can be scary for young children totally surrounded. I was quite terrified of losing the children and them getting injuredSmokingAlso people were walking around smoking which was scary in such a crowded environment with cigarettes at children's head height, totally oblivious to the possible injury they may cause. QueuesDon't think we queued for less than 90 minutes for any ride. Arrived 9.30am & left 11.30pm and we managed to go on 7 rides shows in 12 hours. Very difficult with children aged 6 & 7. It was painful.ShadeSome of the queues for the rides had no shade at all. We had to disappoint our child who was desperate to go on the new turtle  Crusher  ride. There is no way we could wait in boiling midday sun for that long. CharactersThere were few and far between. When they did appear they were completely mobbed by everyone and kept moving walking on swiftly. This was dangerous as my yound child was grabbing on to them trying to hug them at the time as children will do! The characters paid more attention to unsuspecting adults 'patting' them on the head than to the children who were so desperately trying to get their attention. The train that they were on nearly ran someone over (they were being a bit daft). FoodWe managed to get in with the children carrying two tiny backpacks, I had a rucksack and my husband had a rucksack. We were never searched   maybe too manic and busy and they couldnt' be bothered. Food was extortionate even more expensive than Legoland. UpkeepWent ten years ago and they were really strict about not sitting on the grass. When we watched the fireworks at the end I noticed that the grass was completely trashed and bare in places and the flowers were trampled. RidesFast Pass great idea but only managed to use one as had to queue for 20 minutes to get one and the timings never worked out.Phantom Manor: Alright   spooked 6 year old  scary Pirates of the Caribbean   6 yr old  pirate awesome Peter Pan Ride   over far too quick needed to be twice as long for 50 minute queueThunder Mountain   boys aged 6 & 7 loved this ride  really fast Studio Tram Tour   We loved this as we thought it was just a ride in a trainStitch Live   Hysterically funny & very well doneMoteurs   Action! Stunt Show Spectacular (Lightening McQueen) : GreatStar Tours Spaceflight simulator: Very  old  now but boys loved it & thought it was real Les Mysteres du Nautilus   bizarre walkthrough like being in a submarineFireworks & paradeFireworks were amazing and the bits of the parade that you could see were interesting. However it was crowded & wasnt' really anywhere to get a good view. I had wobble precariously on the metal fence to see anything at all. Children need to be on shoulders. It goes on a while so it gets uncomfortable.Resort OK'ish' but staff rude and indifferent. Some even pretended not to understand English! ..I'm afraid the French to not know anything about Customer Service and are reluctant to communicate with visitors from the UK. French visitors pushed us aside as if the resort belonged to them and they should have priority. At an ice cream stall it took 5 people to serve 2 tubs of ice cream after a 10 minute wait! Everything was just the poor mans version of Disneyland USA with none of the 'Have a nice Day!' Never again!We went for the first time to Disneyland Paris Sunday 16th October for 5 days. We stayed in a disney hotel which was ok although no tea or coffee facilities. The reason for this choice was that we could have the extra magic hours. What a waste of time. Disney only opens one park and then only certain rides so all that happened is that everyone from the Disney hotels turned up and we all waited in endless Q's. The cast members were in the main unable to keep the Q's moving quickly and it is not unusual to be standing in endless lines while the 'car' in half empty! I would say there is no magic about the place. It is a licence to print money. The food in the park is very expensive and horrible. Cold burgers, cold chips poor, poor quality. But the biggest rip off is the Disney Village where we went to eat. Basically for 2 adults and a 6 year old. The cheapest meal we had was 69 euros. And for comparison we would have expected to pay in Scotland around   20 for what we bought. Q's everywhere at night for the resturants. At best you could say it was a poor experience. In Mickeys cafe our bill came to about 90    . For that we got childrens meal 18    2 starters and 2 main meals with soft drinks. Planet Hollywood was expensive and although the waiter was nice to us during our meal as soon as we paid and left the tip he then just turned away without another word and was just plain rude. Cold coffee, milk shakes 8   , We as a family were so disappointed by the experience. As I have said without exception the food was just such poor quality and the service was not much better in all the places we went to eat in the village. Take plenty of money with you as you are going to need it. To compare we could have gone to an all inclusive 4 5* hotel for 7 days somewhere else in Europe and we would have still paid less that it cost to experience the  Disney Magic . So we wont ever go back. Although the child enjoyed Disney, I would say that the theme parks around the uk are much better when you take into account the overall cost of the whole trip. Having been to Florida, most of the 'cast' at Paris do not embrace or even attempt to add anything of the Disney magic. They really need to get additional training or even some motivation but if that is too difficult they could always try smiling!!!Overall, this is not a true representation of a Disney theme park. It is a poor relation, they sell way too many tickets, so the parks are overcrowded, and there are not enough rides for people to go on, leaving huge queues. One morning as we entered there was a wait time of 95 minutes   first thing as the doors opened. This you don't see in Florida until well into the day and even then, there are far more rides and fast pass rides. Disneyland Paris has limited fast passes, half the rides break down on a daily basis, it is a total rip off for food, and what's more, the toilets stink and the characters giving autographs favour French speakers !Our main concern however, is that there is absolutely NO organisation of the characters giving autographs. Why can't there be an organised and civil line with people taking turns in an orderly manner ? The lack of organisation could be a joke except that our daughter's safety is no laughing matter. The characters are mobbed, our daughter was pushed and shoved by adults and we were alarmed that this happened time and time again. Furthermore, following a show on the stage, the characters came off the front of the stage, making the whole crowd surge forward. Our daughter was crushed between three adults who were more bothered about shoving their child on a photo, or to get to the packets of sweets the characters were handing out. It was totally unsafe, there was no barrier to stop the crowd crushing young children and this sort of action could cause an accident where a child could be injured. We have never been so anxious in a Disney park, and it spoilt our visit. Characters should not wander around allowing them to be swamped and encourage certain adults behaviour to become desperate and competitive to get to the characters. It is not acceptable health and safety in this day and age. The characters also wander from their initial spot   they are surrounded by a huge crowd of people with young children being pushed and shoved, then they make it worse by moving, always with the great mob following them   we lost our daughter on two occasions because the character moved. Again, this is not safe to do. No other Disney park has this irresponsible and disorganised way of access to characters. Every other Disney park has orderly managed lines with people taking turns. We would also like to point out that despite the rest of Europe banning cigarette smoking, the French still allow smoking outdoors, but what is not acceptable is that they allow adults within a Disney park to walk around, cigarette held at child height   ready for a child to be burnt by one. It is not acceptable.It is suffice to say that we would never return to Paris Disneyland   it cannot guarantee the safety of young children with its poor and unsafe practice. There is an accident waiting to happen. Save your money and go to proper Disney World in Florida  it is a totally happy, safe and amazing experience.I visited Euro Disney with my mother and grandmother during a trip to Paris, and we all disliked the park very much. It was chaos and frantic with a very weird, charged atmosphere. Everywhere kids were begging their parents to but stuff and it was all about wanting more and more. You couldn't go there for a day because there was so much to do. This isn't a good thing, we all felt like we HAD to do it all, and there wasbn't enough time which gave us a weirdly panicked feeling. I went there when I was four years old and apperently hated it then as well, we went again to see if I would appreciate it more seeing as I am tall enough to go on the rides.It was good at first. There was a show with singing and dancing and it was very impressive with the big looming fairy palace and the pretty streets. We went to adventure land, and lined up for twenty minutes for a ride. Then there was pure confusion, as you got a ticket with a time on and could only go on the ride during that time. We thought we'd just go on the ride then so it was a bit of an anti climax to be given a ticket, but we looked at the map and saw that these rides are 'fast pass' rides. By then we felt a bit depressed about the place but were determined to have a good day... yeah right!It was chaos. Little children looked plain confused about the place, and personally I didn't get the concept. It's meant to be about magic and imagination but I thought it was an outdated and old fashioned idea. A twenty minute line was considered short, and the longest we waited was forty five minutes for a ride though people were waiting for an hour. The food was overpriced, kids were high on sugar and screaming, and unlike the last time I visited there was no interaction with characters. I remember meeting Snow White but we didn't see any of that. It was like a museum, you had to admire the set from a distance but you weren't part of it, for example the ride round the park we were expected to 'ooh' and 'aah' at stuffed animals in the 'wild.' I think children benefit more from hands on activities, especially if they're too short to go on rides.So we were fed up and went to the other park in the same sight, the Disney Studio Park. We liked it better, it was less busy with less kids running about and had a calmer, less frantic feel to it. in the other park it felt like we had to do everything and eat everything and buy everything. We waited for forty five minutes for the Rock and Rollercoaster only to hear a tannoy saying it had broken down and we'd have to wait another hour. We couldn't be bothered so the only thing we went on in that park was a Toy Story themed ride that would have been at home in my town's annual fair. There was a 'tram' studio tour that was in fact a lorry, and we drove and looked at things from films like 'Dinotopia'. There was a part when a barrel went on fire and the lorry rocked about but I wasn't very impressed.So overall, it's all about squeezing more money from parents as kids want to experience everything in one go. You'd have to stay there to experience everything at the park, but in somewhere as culture rich as Paris, who'd want to stay in Disneyland? I wasn't impressed at all. DO NOT waste your money there.It is not the 60 or 70 Euro per person that it costs, even though it doens'tcome for free, being a small park. If the Italians are terrible in organizing things, the French have done worst! 45minutes was the quickest line, 2hours the longest. Arrogant service.Fast pass would make life easier to the thousands of tourists that were at the park today,but they use it for 10% of the attractions (it is a reservation system to avoid cuing).Finally, we travelled a long trip to show Micky mouse to the young one, and guess what? At 13,lunch time, Micky disappeared to not show up again! So if you are not lucky enough to encounter him before lunch, you won't see him at all. Wefound a solution though.. the dinner at the 5 stars hotel in front of the park. 50 Europer person to eat with the Disney caracters and it was the worst food I have eaten in a long time! We even got the trolley stolen! Not fun!what a dissapointment.....everything is old, shabby, tired and in need of replacing...Its dirty, poor value and I for one wont come back here, its not much more expensive to go to FloridaWhat can I say? I travelled here as a treat for my 13 yr old daughter.Maybe it seemed so bad as we have previously been to Disney in Florida but I think I would have still been somewhat dissapointed.Firstly,don`t bring in your own food,They take it out of your bag at the gates and act as if it is illegal substances that it being smuggled in!The staff a NOT friendly.No smiles,no nice way with children...nothing...dead facial expressions.They don`t attempt to organise the queues for character apperances and I seen many a small child pushed and shoved and ultimately walking away in tears.Characters themselves just left when they felt like it and they even pushed kids out of the way...Disney friendliness??? The park wasn`t that busy so we didn`t have to queue much which made it a bit bit more bearable.The place is full of shops selling all the same things in every shop.EUR 4 for and undrinkable coffee and EUR 15 for 2 inedible sandwiches.I am a smoker and there was designated smoking areas but people smoked everywhere...in queues and play areas,watching the shows etc...which isn`t nice for non smokers and young children.Nobody cares.The staff look like they have been forced into slave labour! The place is messy.littered and feels like a cheap fake (although it certainly isn`t cheap)!More maintenence is definately required as gardens and public areas are run down.Totally dissapointing and definately NOT the Disney dream :(We booked to go to Paris from 12th 14th, arriving in the morning and flying home in the evening so we had 3 full days at the parks. We also booked the half board meal plan, so we did not have to worry about searching for somewhere to eat our evening meals. Things started to go wrong once we got to the hotel, where we discovered work was being done on our lodge, right outside our bedroom window, the workmen   s faces were right at our window, so we felt we had no privacy. The keys given to us were very temperamental and at one point we were locked outside our room for over half an hour, eventually we were given new keys. The bath and shower did not work, so we were unable to bath shower the whole time we were there, which was very uncomfortable and there were no drinks facilities or anywhere to store cold drinks either. I have never been in a hotel that does not offer either a fridge or kettle, and for the amount it costs to stay at Disney, to not have basics was unsatisfactory. In the brochure and at the hotel it says that there are Disney channels for the children to watch in the rooms, the English Disney channel did not work in our room, much to the disappointment of our children, only the news and the information channel worked.On our second night I mentioned my thoughts to the concierge hoping that some of this may be sorted out for us, especially the bath water, however nothing was done and we received no apology from management, we were just given a booklet to fill in for internal use only asking about our stay in Disney and what we liked best.As I mentioned earlier we booked the half board menu, which I deeply regretted. In the past I had heard that the food was fantastic, I now realise that they were talking about Disney land in America! Paris may share the name Disney, however I feel that the standards are extremely miles apart. Our children did not enjoy their meals and the only fresh items on my husbands and my plate were the meat. The vegetables were either out of a tin or had previously been cooked and re heated, they were soft and soggy, the service in the hotel was good though. For the second meal we decided to eat in the Disney Village to see if the food was any better, yet another reget! We went to the Steakhouse, which looked to be of a high standard. Table booked for 9.15, seated at 9.30 and were brought our drinks at 10.10pm. The kids were served their main meal before we were even served our starter. Both our daughters left their meals, one was raw in the middle the other was just horrible to taste and when our starters arrived, Cesar salad, we were extremely let down, lettuce which was old and the leaves were brown, half a cherry tomato and parmesan shavings with a little dressing. We sat and waited ages for them to be taken away, the waiter looked at the plates and could see we were not happy and not eating but did nothing to care why? My husband and I ordered steak, as we were in a steakhouse we had thought that it should be good, how wrong we were. The waiters decided to serve the table next to us their steaks even though they had arrived much after us, they saw we were looking and not too happy so they brought two of the steaks to us, as my husband started to cut the steak, he saw it was well done, he had asked for medium rare, so the waiter took one off the next table and swapped the steaks, I cut into mine and that was not right either, again the waiter just swapped with another person on the next table, none of us could believe our eyes. As one of my daughters had not eaten any of her food, I gave her some of my steak, which she nearly choked on as it was so chewy, most of the meals were left.We then asked for desert hoping that may be edible, I asked if on my crumble I could have custard instead of ice cream, he said custard is for children and no I could not have it, even though it was available. The only item that was wholly consumed was the Ben and Jerrys ice cream, a few bread rolls and our drinks. When we went to pay for our drink and hand in our meal tickets, I tried to speak to a woman their about our meal and she just looked at me and walked away, the receipt showed the meal came to 95 euro and if I had not already pre paid I can say that I would not have paid for that shambolic meal. I prepaid   160.00 for two evening meals which I deeply regret and will think twice about it in the future. I would just like to say that my experience at Disneyland Paris was unforgettable for all the wrong reasons, it was meant to be the holiday of a lifetime, but we could not wait to get home, the service has let the Disney name down, I was hoping to come back from my holiday to have lots of great things to say however I feel that the bad far outweighed the good.The best part of the trip were the studios. I think that it should have the disney name stripped, as I am sure Disney himself would be ashamed if he took a visit there, it is awful to say we learn by mistakes, mine was a costly one, the good thing is we have some great photos!We have visited three parks during this summer, Disneyland Paris was the last one. I was really looking forward to coming back after almost 10 years since my first visit and was expecting it to be the best one. Unfortunately it was complete opposite, for double price it was the worst park we visited this summer.What went wrong? First some of the major attractions were closed. We were not even told at the entrace, you have to go back all the way to the attraction to find out it is closed. 4 attractions were closed.Another pretty bad thing was food. All the smaller outside stands were closed so only few inside places were opened. All places were packed and the service was so inefficient. When there were 4 people remainig in the line it took 20minutes to get to the counter and then another 5minutes waiting for cheeburger where you even have to put the sauce on yourself! What a joke and rip off for the price.Also unfortunately in 10 years almost nothing changed there were just two new attractions. And some attractions were looking pretty outdated, example, these days 3D cinema is pretty normal thing and in Disneland you get almost 25years old show with MJ and they expect you to go Wooow from that? Overall the park needs to improve a lot in terms of service and many attractions needs to be refurbished. Not sure if we ever go again, as said there are much better parks with lots more fun in Europe! Even my girlfriend who is not picky and rarely complains was pretty upset and disappointed. They make living out of known Disney characters, but is it enough for such a park and price?Attractions are good for the kids, but within one weekend day you can get maximum 4 main rides. Everywhere there is a key for 90 minutes minimum, so called  fast passes  are also scheduled for 2 hours ahead. The result is walking around in horrendous crowd, queuing everywhere. Two parks pass is therefore overpriced, since you are not able to make it at all. I must say it is a adult nightmare.We visited the parc with our friends and their two children aged 7 and 5, the children were really looking forward to the visit as were we.Areas that were poor in my opinion:At least one major ride in every land was shut or cordened off.The staff were decorating & painting many parts of the part while it was open, it was a bit like a building site in many places.We only saw two disney characters in the entire parc in an 8 hour period and the queues for the children to have a photo with them were large, the children were very disappointed about this, if the characters aren't there what distinguishes this from any other amusement park??? Nor is this as per the adverts that Disney put out on the tv.The games arcade near the StarTours ride was unstaffed and out of the 10 Euros we put into the machines (which are 1 Euro a game) we got 3 games. The machines ate the rest and there was no one to go to complain. Suggest you avoid these machines.Many of the food stalls were shut in each of the lands, again this gave the parc the general feel of being only half open and left us with the option of taking the children to restaurants, which cost more.You need to pay attention not just to the parc opening hours but the ride opening hours as many of the rides shut an hour before the parc does so you end up with very disappointed children when they find out the rides are already shut.Be careful when getting onto the rides, one of the Disney staff pulled down the bar on the Pinocchio ride straight onto my knee as he couldn't be bothered to check that I was properly in the ride, when I shouted in pain he just ignored me and moved the car along.To sum up, the children were overall happy enough, but we could have taken them to any theme park for that, we were expecting more from Disneyland. For the price and service (or lack of) I would say don't bother, as clearly if you visit off peak season Disney can't be bothered either.Love Disney but we were seriously let down by here.Very long queues, we went early Sept. Smoking everywhere,now I am a smoker and I was even offended at people lighting up beside me at meal times(we were outside but still ). IT IS EXPENSIVE,even if your kids stay and play for free,they need food and drink through the day unless you plan on starving them,the shops merchandise is over priced and its the same stuff in each shop,there were no where near enough characters in the parks.The toilets stank,not what I ever expected in a Disney park. Disneyland Paris workers need to take a few Disney courses,learn how to smile,make you feel wanted. We were only there 3 days and we managed to have a laugh at it all but I wouldnt recommend staying any longer than that.Cant wait to go back to Orlando,thats where the magic really is.Had heard a lot about this place and unfortunately did not read reviews about this place on trip advisor and my travel agent Kuoni travels claimed that this attraction is worth going to. For travellers from India, if one has been to Wonderla at the outskirts in Bangalore Disneyland is not even 10% of what Wonderla has to offer. Disneyland Paris has very limited rides and the waiting time for most of the rides is 40 60 mins. The rides are all of the same nature, the park is divided into two Parks and I must say both Parks are just a way to earn money. I would rather have spent a day in Paris and spent time in visiting the beautiful museums rather than wasting time at the parks which have nothing much to offer. Travel from Paris to Disneyland and back in a cab is about 200 euros. This is complete waste of time, energy and money and I would advice fellow travellers to carefully plan the visit before going to the parks.Maybe The bar was set too high by Orlando, but this place is the pits in my opinion. We surprised our children with a trip to EuroDisney this past summer while wer were staying in London. Our kids have never been to Disney anywhere and so they were really thrilled to be there. I think that because of cultural differences, EuroDisney was a major dissapointment. It seemed like EVERYONE smoked cigarettes EVERYWHERE, We would be standing in a line and someone would light up right in our faces. The lines were just way too long for everything and people just pushed their way through the lines. They do have a sort of  fast pass  where you reserve your time to queue for the rides, but even when you arrive at your time, that just gets you in to wait for antoher line. Food options were not very good at all. We ate at the  American Diner  which was absolutely filthy dirty. Disabled tourists, be warned, you must have note from your doctor in order to get a disabled visitor pass. You would think that they would take my word with my swollen (just operated on) knee and walking stick. Overall, I would say save the money and spend your Euros elsewhere. It was ridiculously expensive and just not worth it. Go to Orlando or California instead.Let me start by saying that I am a seasoned veteran of the Disneyland experience since my first visit to the park in California in 1990 followed by three consecutive visits to Eurodisney in '99,2000 & 2001. This however, was my first visit with two little boys, 7 and 4, and as such the experience was very different but no less magical ! The rides are still fantastic but the reality of hour long queues for nearly everything (and this on the two worst days weather wise of the entire summer!) explain the title of my review above. We bought 2 day 2 park tickets for each of us and spent Friday 26th and Saturday 27th August working our way around Disneyland and the Disney Village. We were experienced enough to fully exploit the Fastpass system by pulling tickets for a busy ride the second we arrived on park but this facility is limited and only available on certain rides. Then we were onto our first attraction and the interminable queues !It is very important to set your expectations for the visit. It is impossible to do everything so do not even try and if you are visiting with small children then you must plan your visit accordingly, so sadly for us adults there was no Indy, no Space Mountain and in the Disney Village we just stared but could not touch most of the great rides on display but that just means more thrills when the boys are older. That said there are still plenty of attractions to amuse families with small children particularly in Fantasyland and with little boys Buzz Lightyear is a must so make sure you pull a Fastpass and come back at your predefined time to go top of the queue.Now for my list of quibbles... On the first day on park I took note of the buffet restaurant near the Aladdin attraction and suggested to Deirdre that we would check it out for dinner on our second night. Unfortunately when we casually walked into the empty foyer of the asian buffet on the Saturday night we were refused entry to the BUFFET because we did not have a reservation.When I asked where I could make a reservation I was told that I could make a reservation for the following night !! at the reservations desk near the entrance to the park. It wasn't just the refusal but the supercilious nature of it after spending    500 on admission tickets that hurt the most. I felt so bad about it that I stopped by the customer care reservations desk on my way out of the park and mentioned to a chap called Michael there that a simple note on the entrance to the buffet restaurant explaining the need for a reservation might have saved my blushes and embarrassment at the hands of the Maitre'D in training who had left such a poor impression on us moments earlier. I was quickly reminded that it was Paris I was and not Disneyland proper when Michael began to defend the indefensible behavior of his colleague and I reminded him that as the customer I was merely suggesting how they might improve their  product offering  by a better communication strategy! Or maybe all I wanted was a  Sorry Sir hope we didn't ruin your evening too much  and then send me on my way with a pat on the head.Good job I didn't mention to Michael that most of the bathroom facilities we had encountered that day were filthy or he may have handed me a bucket and a mop! Oh and one final thing we didn't get a chance to meet Mickey Mouse in person during our visit but the family of very large mice ( the bubonic plague carrying variety!) that crossed our path as we came out of the turnstiles at 21:00 on Saturday 27th August 2011 more than made up for it ... NOT !Disneyland Paris what a rip off, have the americans been over lately to see what scruffy over priced place it is. Went with my two children shows in the park are great rides no better than a travelling fair ground , you get pushed and shoved in the queues by people you would think have never seen a fairground ride before and the food is a joke   70   80 for a family meal that tastes like something that a decent restaurant would throw away. If this place was not Disney it would go bust but it is and people will go back and Disney know this, theme park are always more expensive but to pay   14 for three small bottles of coke and an ice lolly is wrong.The last time i visited this park was some years ago, before the recession...i expected some changes, but quickly noticeable was the lack of entertainers on main street, 1st sign of penny pinching. Less characters too. on our 1st day there we witnessed 3 big rides breakdown...BUZZ LIGHTYEARS RANGER SPIN, stopped and restarted about 4 times, by then the fun has gone...BIG THUNDER MOUNTAIN had to be evacuated, and my favourite ride of all PIRATES OF THE CARRIBEAN broke down for almost an hour with us in the queue,almost at the boats. That will quickly sour your enjoyment and made me wonder how well the rides are being maintained, still allowing their excellent safety record.They are advertising a CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW meet, by the Blue Lagoon restaurant.. this is on the daily leaflet schedules and on a bill board. I quite fancied a photo with the afforementioned pirate, so we dutifully joined a small queue about 45 mins before his due appearance.. We waited patiently with aching feet and much anticipation... and suddenly HE appeared, and there was a surge of non queuers.. they came from all angles, barging and shoving... worse behaviour than a pirate.. and people i had seen loafing around far behind me, were suddenly right up there in front..even a big group of british girls, pushers in... myself and another lady complained to Jacks chaperone who was awfully nice English lad, but apologetic and unable to do anything, saying its  not an organised event  Which of course it is, as its advertised.. The real truth is, they are too mean to provide more 'man' power to organise the queuing and prevent this upsetting free for all... I did get my photo taken, but i don't look very happy as i'm absolutely furious with the whole debacle... Disney Magic?? for the first time ever.. I saw no evidence of it..We stayed for 4 days and experienced 6 breakdwns of attrations. Unlucky? This is not what I expect from a facility such as this.Staff were helpful but all could not provide adeqaute information Required a complaint to the Management office, be prepared to queue and be 'sorted ' by the door staff!!!!Resulted in free passes and queue beater accessThe best thing about going here was the train ride from Paris , beautiful scenery. I think we spent less than an hour in the park, once we got through the wait of a snake line to get into the park. FEW rides, very small compared to USA Disney parks. Huge waste of admission price and time, did not go on one ride as lines so long and not enough rides for people to disperse to.A disappointing experience. Many rides kept breaking down over the three days we were at Disneyland. Some of the fast pass machines were also broken. Very expensive unhealthy fast food that was otter not hot. Staff not as friendly as I remember years ago. The parade only runs once a day when years ago it was twice a day. Will not go back!I visited Disneyland Paris on 6th July 2011.We arrived at 10.30am. We were 7 adults and 4 children 1yr old to 6yr old. We had a nice day but overall it was a disappoinment:The Castle had a crane on it all day   not very picturesque!There were a number of rides closed   pirates of the caribbean was covered in scaffolding.There were signs up for a number of restaurants   particularly the pizza place and the wild west place   they were both closed.We arrived in a buffet restaurant   asked for a table for 11   we were asked 'do you have a reservation?'   the place was almost empty   we said 'No, is it ok?'   to be told 'well I suppose'   Now I do not exaggerate when I say the place was nearly empty!We did not see Micky Mouse but we did see a big RAT running around near the Peter Pan ride!One of the staff on the 'small world' ride checked us rudely because we did not count the baby in my arms as a 'person'   'Why do you say you are 7 when you are 8   why did you say that'? It was just an oversight as the baby was in my arms!After the Alice in wonderland maze, we realised we had dropped our drinking cup for a child between the castle and the exit   not very far   I asked at the exit if I could return to get it  'NO' I was told, I tried to explain that it was nearby   again 'NO, you have to go around again'  5 6 minutes later   the mother ran around the whole maze to get the cup   left on the bin just inside the exit!Coming towards the end of the day, a lot of the rides were only going at half capacity   even though there were still queues. I witnessed an arguement between a cafe staff member and a lady, who had been told the cafe was closing yet myself and a number of other were still being served   the lady's husband was videoing the situation   not very pleasant!The toilets were not very clean   there was a stench of unine in them all, and on checking a number of them, you could finally find one that was ok to use.There really was a lack of 'Magic' in Paris   some of the group had been to Disney in Florida   they found there was no comparison, Paris was a let down.My family has been to Disney on three occasions in Orlando and thought it would be an experience to see Disney in Europe. Unfortunately, we were all disappointed. We stayed at the Newport Bay On Site Hotel. Our room was smoking and the wall paper was peeling. They did move us when we complained to a better room. The check in process was a zoo   loud and disorganized. The attractions and rides were the same quality as US, but the staff doesn't hold a candle to the US standard. They do not greet you, avoid eye contact, and look unhappy. The food buffets, especially breakfast was a disappointment   it was mainly bread and cereal. This is an overpriced attraction in all categories with sub par lodging and food. I would recommend you go to the attraction but know that its not the Disney experience that you expect and love.I have visited DisneyWorld in Florida numerous times, Dineyland in California, and this summer I took my niece to Disney Paris. The rides were all a little tired, the lines as usual for summer travel, but I was not expecting grown people to cut in front of you, push past, and try to get to the front of the line. The flower beds outside the entrance had weeds growing in them. I have never seen this in any Disney area anywhere. On several occasions I wish I had a tub of baby wipes, and hand sanitizers. If you can afford it, hold out for DisneyWorld in Florida.Euro Disney is very disorganized, many unpolite people cuting the lines without anybody from the staff taking care of the queues. There are, although, some interisting attractions, but you can  t compare with Disney in USA (California), specially taking into account the the cleanness and organization. It  s not worth the money.Our 3rd visit to Disneyland Paris (just for a day) was the most disappointing one of all. We arrived one hour before official opening time, and when they did eventually let us in, the park was under construction in many areas, with several of the rides (Indiana Jones and Aladdin for example) closed. Big Thunder railroad was also  broken  when we tried to use it, but it eventually opened around noon. I really don't know why they can't do heavy maintenance or redesign work in winter instead of during peak times.My family and I are big Disney fans, but I'm not sure what's going on with this park any more. Cast members are surlier and more unhelpful than ever, food is a total rip off and customer service is something that's only written somewhere in an employee handbook, because it's certainly not being practiced.Magical?   definitely not as far as I am concerned, but maybe they were just having a bad day when we called......we arrived with an extremely excited 4 yr old girl who actually squealed with delight when she saw the sleeping beauty castle. we did not realise at that time that this was the highlight of our two days there!!! we  ate  our worst meal ever in the park dont buy the hot dogs!!!! We were surprised and dissapointed to see so many rides closed for repair. also a few broke down whilst we were in the que waiting to get on? our daughter couldnt understand why? after all this was Disney magic? The staff were helpful in the shops or where you were spending extra money  we didnt see a lot of smiling from them though on the rides, some where down right rude not to us but we witnessed this with other families whilst waiting to get on rides. The parade is fun though and well worth watching. We stayed off site and were glad we did when we spotted several  rats  wandering around in the early evening ughh!!! It would have been nice if the adults had enjoyed it but our 4 yr old did and that I suppose is the main thing?DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS TO DISNEY PARIS DURING PEAK SEASON!!! Please listen to this advice as you will be incredibly disappointed if you don't! The crowds are so vast that even if you hold your child's hand it is possible at times that they will be dragged away and lost. The best rides aimed at 6 year olds have queue times of between 60 90 mins and NO FAST PASS. You will simply not be able to ride on the best, most exciting rides unless you are willing to endure the wait with your little one. You will not get to have a picture with Mickey or Minnie even if you see them unless you are incredibly lucky. They get mobbed and have to have several minders who regularly drag them away behind the scenes as the costumes were getting damaged and abused. (We ended up having to queue for 30 mins just to get a picture!)Unless you have breakfast at 7am you are unlikely to get a table at breakfast at your hotel without queuing for 5 10 mins.The auditoriums for shows fill up incredibly fast with people queuing for 30 45 mins before to get the best seats. If you don't queue your kids will most likely get stuck behind adults and have a restricted view. This happened to us EVERY TIME. The best views of the parade in Disneyand Park again fill up very quickly and unless you secure your spot by quite simply sitting on the edge of the path for 45 mins your kids will not be able to see much.OVERALL.... peak season tickets are a huge waste of money and you will end up exhausted and frustrated. Yes our kids had a great time but it could have been far more exciting if we had gone when the crowds were much smaller. Only go to Disney during peak season if you are willing to queue for EVERYTHING.Oh and disregarding the time of year be prepared for everything costing DOUBLE. This morning a very small slice of cheese pizza cost us around   5... YES   5!!!!!!!If you have the money and children who can withstand a longer flight please visit Disneyland Florida. I have been to both and Paris is a pathetic and overpriced comparison!!!TIPS:Bring sandwhich bags. There is bread, butter, ham and cheese available at breakfast. Make the sandwhiches at the table and slip them into your sandwhich bag (within a backpack  large bag) when no one is looking. It will save you loads of money.Ask for a kettle from reception and take the coffee and sugar from breakfast. Fill up a clean baby bottle with milk and store it in your room in cold water. Coffee costs around   4   5. This will save you loads.Buy treats  sweets for the kids before you go and pack in your suitcase. Buy large bottles of water and pack a bottle of squash. Put it all in a backpack.All the kids TV is in French (Playhouse Disney.....). If you can buy a portable DVD player (great for the Eurostar too!) and bring the lead to connect it to the TV. The TVs in our hotel were brand new LCD and have all the connections. We got an 8 inch LG with a six hour battery. Most have a 2 hour battery... choose wisely!Stay at the Sequioia Lodge. It is the best 'budget' hotel set in a pretty and tranquil forrest. Very close to Disney Village and easy to walk. It is the only budget hotel with a swimming pool.Hotel guests can enter the park at 9am so if you can get up earlier you have an hour before the park officially opens. (makes no difference during peak times really as there are so many Disney guests!)Visit Mickey's cafe. The food is overpriced and not that nice but the Disney characters are awesome and this experience made our holiday amazing for the kids. BOOK THIS EARLY WITH YOUR HOTEL CONCIERGE. Queue times can exceed 45mins for a table otherwise.If you have a buggy get a bicycle chain and padlock. You will have to leave your buggy at the railings of many, many rides and so many look the same yours may very well get stolen! Pack waterproof clothing. The heavens opened today and pathetic and flimsy ponchos cost   10 each!!!Get your Euros put on a debit style card from Thomas Cook. It is widely accepted and saves loose change being lost on rides.Plan, plan, plan ahead. Do your research and ask staff for advice. it will save time and enable you to do more.Travelled with daughter and husband and grand children aged 2 and 5 for a 5 night stay at the Sequoia Lodge Hotel.The adjoining rooms in the south wing were recently refurbished and were clean and comfortable. Rooms now have free security boxes and a mini bar, be careful as the items in the mini bar are sensored so if you remove an item to look at you will be automatically billed eg 10 euro for a minature vodka.The hotel staff were polite and generally helpful so did not experience any of the incidents of sullen unsmiling staff reported by other reviewers.One restaurant was closed so we were given vouchers for breakfast at alternative venues in the park, not a good idea as we booked the 7.30 slot to take advantage of the 2 hour guest only admission, the walk to the alternative venues was about 30 to 40 minutes so it ended being a pointless exercise and we returned to the hotel and bluffed our way into breakfast.HEAVEN   The grandchildren were enthralled from the momemt we walked through the gates to leaving for the airport. The layout is the same as Disney Florida with the same atmosphere if you are a toddler. If you are an adult however the atmosphere is more like down town Beiruit!!! The French in particular but generally anyone who is not English have one point of view, that is I have paid so I can do what I like when I like to who I like. be prepared to wait in line and have idiots push, elbow and lean on you despite holding a 2 year old to gain 2 feet of progress. In one line a french woman even sprayed aerosol deoderant at head height catching my wife in the face so she could make room for her entourage of gibbering cretins!Having through work had safety responsibility for crowds of over 100 000 the place itself is an accident waiting to happen and they did, like the man who had climbed a fence to stand on a feature garden hill to watch a parade in total darkness who was pushed and fell down the hill into thorn bushes. There is a totally insufficent number of staff to control the huge crowds that develop when these parades take place coupled with the me me me attitude that injuries will happen.Strollers for the kids were cheap at 8.99 euros for the day, if you move parks simply leave the stroller at the pick up remove your I.D slip and take it with your receipt to the pick up at the next park.Food was expensive for what it was, approx 120 to 150 euro tfor 4 adult burger meals and 2 childrens 'happy' type meals.Having been to Disney Florida 4 times in nearly 20 years I would say to anyone thinking of experiencing Disney save that little extra, look for the deals and consider staying off the Disney site and take the kids to a far happier and relaxing place.I took my 5 year old for 4 days and he was very disappointed with the whole experience to say the least. Horrific waiting times of sometimes 90 minutes  ensured that the fast pass system was the only reasonable way to get onto rides without waiting a silly amount of time . Unfortunately not all rides have the fast pass system which resulted in a 2 hour wait for the finding nemo ride.Queue jumping is also rife on some rides and the staff seemed reluctant to do anything about it despite witnessing it first hand..We stayed in the hotel sante fe which despite being sold as a cars themed hotel seemed like some run down $10 motel with a few cars duvets thrown in to me. The inclusive breakfeast time was like a feeding free for all at the zoo with a poor selection of ham, cheese and tinned fruit to choose from. And again the pushing and queue jumping was rampant at times. I returned to get some cutlery on one occasion to find my food had been thrown away by a French couple so they could take our table.On the plus side the bus service was great and we never waited more than 5 minutes for a busIt's Disney so the attractions are first rate. We've been to Disney World in Florida numerous times so we did enjoy seeing the differences in well known rides like Space Mountain and the Pirates of the Caribbean. That said, this park has numerous flaws that Disney World does not and thankfully does not. Employees are content to engage each other in conversation while ignoring you. The typical Disney friendliness was something we saw maybe half the time, (It's Paris, I guess that should be expected.) We couldn't get a Fast Pass reader to recognize one of our tickets and the guy manning the machines was content to say he could not help. Until of course you act like a Parisian and refuse to take no for an answer. Funny how all of a sudden he can fix the problem.What really surprised us was the dirt and how unclean it was. I can understand how that can occur as everyone smokes and their cigarette butts end up everywhere. But, even the bathrooms were filthy. I did see one young lady attempting to pick up the paper on the floor, well at least every third piece of paper.Behavior was allowed that you wouldn't see at any Disney Park in the US. Multiple people cutting the line, for starters. On the Tower of Terror the Disney employee stood there discussing with the woman her cutting for a good five minutes. Everyone around her said her group cut so what's to discuss? At WDW, she would have been tossed, in Paris they debate the issue and she and her family stroll away.I do have to say it was amusing seeing the man take a siesta undisturbed by any form of security on the grass next Main Street, a woman attempt to take her sleeping 6 month old onto the spinning tea cups and the 4 year old on the carousel snapping pictures with no seat belt on because the ride operator didn't bother walking the rest of the ride to make a safety check.Lunch was fine at a counter service location, even if no one bothered to clear their own trash. Perhaps Europeans visiting Disneyland Paris are more accepting of the pushiness on line and the complete lack of anything resembling personal space. I ride the NYC subway so I can handle the occasional need for close quarters. But 10 hours of being pushed with little regard for social norms is tiring.If you are an American visiting Paris with children and you've been to Disney World, please don't expect that experience when contemplating a day trip. There is a lot to enjoy in Paris, a side trip to Disney was disappointingly not among them.Went last week with my 9 year old, 5 year old, husband and brother. Queued for over an hour for each ride, only to be told when we got near the front the rides had broken. Not even offered fast passes to get on them quicker the next time. The park was so busy we only managed to get on 8 rides between 5 of us in 4 days! The queue jumping with the French was terrible and everywhere you went was so expensive it stopped being enjoyable. We got told it would be great to book  breakfast in the park  at 8 am which entitled you to the park being exclusively for the people who booked to go there before it opened. What it didnt tell you was that the rides are not open till 10 am. which meant we had grumpy tired children the rest of the day for no reason! I have since been advised that Orlando is the best place to go for magic for the children (we spent the whole time trying to make it magical for the kids so all wasnt lost). Not a place we will ever return to again !As my husbands 30th birthday present i decided to take him and the kids away to Disneyland Paris for the weekend. We didn't enjoy it at all and so i thought i'd write this review to let everyone know the problems we had. A large number of the rides were closed due to non peak time, we had expected some closures but it was the majority of the main attractions that they had closed leaving all the smaller boring rides open. We found that the park staff didn't really organise the character meet and greets very well, poor Daisy Duck nearly got trampled by the rude visitors. Then to make things worse the non dressed up staff started shouting at the visitors and told everyone that Daisy would choose who goes next. Nobody listened and so we gave up and walked away with 2 very upset well behaved children whilst Daisy signed autographs for the kids who pushed in front of us.We had the same problem at the parade, we stood right on the edge of the curb and had other visitors stand in front of us on the road where you weren't allowed to stand and right in front of our children so they couldn't see. Again on the rides people pushing in front of you.....you're starting to get the idea now. I've never been to a place where the visitors were so rude and disrespectful. We've visited DisneyWorld in Florida and you do expect a certain amount of pushing but I've never seen anything like i did in Paris. Everything was overpriced (including the park entrance!) and some of the staff in the shops and restaurants spoke very poor English (McDonalds) which meant it took twice as long to order our food and i actually gave up trying to order one thing which was on the menu because they couldn't understand me. We did both the Magic kingdom and the Studios park in about half a day and at that point we'd seen everything there was to see and we had all had enough.There was just no Disney Magic in this place for us at all and it was such a disappointment that we will not be returning again.The park may be better in peak times   i don't know but for us DLP was not!I'm a huge Disney fan and when I had the opportunity to visit Disneyland Paris I decided to go for it. I had read the previous reviews on the park, a lot of which were not great. I wanted to have an open mind and judge for myself.We went into just the one park, for a few hours on one of the hottest days of the year. It was crowded but not terribly crowded, I'm sure the extreme heat had a lot to do with that which worked in our favor.I did notice that a few things needed repair, however overall it wasn't too run down. I was surprised by how many things were undergoing renovation during the beginning of one of the busiest times of the year for Disneyland Paris. A lot of the bigger rides (Indiana Jones, Crush's Coaster) were both closed and there were a lot of boarded up areas on Main Street.What I liked were the things unique to Disneyland Paris. Mainly La Tani  re du Dragon, and the Nautilus walk throughs. Overall I felt like this park was a bad knockoff of Disneyland in California. The staff was very friendly and helpful but like someone else said the magic just isn't there.This park has none of the Disney magic     grumpy employees, untended flower beds, and the piece de resistance, a damp, musty bathroom in the Newport Bay Club hotel that went unaddressed despite a request to hotel management to clean it.I had done a significant amount of preliminary research prior to our visit to ensure I understood what to expect and to be as prepared as possible. Many of our park experiences, were fun and entertaining, with some exceptions, notably the food.I fully understood, expected and accepted the especially high prices. The terrible quality and limited offerings, however created growing frustration. It seems that rather than cook food of the region (even fast food), they seem to be attempting to offer a American style fast food concept that is worse than what I see served in American school cafeterias but for prices that are extremely high, even when you are expecting them to be over inflated. it was cold when we visited and it seemed that at all levels the food service experienced problems. Any baked goods, which might look like they should be warm were in fact ice cold on the 2 times we purchased from carts with heat lamps. We selected the Plaza Gardens reluctantly one day after reviewing it's offerings at 2 pm. Our 6pm reservation provided an experience that seemed like we were literally picking over the scraps leftover from some other part of the park, with no service and a huge bill. It was the most disgusting meal I had in 2010. The only exceptional meal in our 4 day trip, was at the Agrabah Cafe, open for a just a few hours on one of our days. While perhaps not for young children, it offered the only fresh and delicious food I'd seen in a peaceful location. It was a great escape and even though astoundingly expensive, wished was an option every day of our visit.Customer Service also seems to be a foreign concept at the park. I don't ask for much, and am very sensitive to not be a self righteous American. One stand out experience occurred on our last day when our hotel concierge suggested that we could purchase any souvenirs in the park and ask for them to be held at the store until you leave the park. We asked the store clerk twice about this policy before making our purchases. When handed our bags we asked again for the items to be held. We were told that we needed to ask at the beginning of the transaction, which is precisely what we had done, with what appeared to be a clear understanding from the cast member. Frustrated, we asked for assistance at City Hall where a very nice cast member apologized and indicated that anything is possible and that if we return to the store they will be able to hold our purchases. They again insisted they could not and stated we could use the package storage service outside the park, which we reluctantly went to, only to learn it would cost 3   , which is so unacceptable given that it should have been held for free several minutes earlier as we had requested. Frustrated for feeling like some kind of stupid fools, we eventually just returned the purchases to avoid carrying them all day, repurchasing what we could before our departure. There were many other negative experiences marring our vacation.I think it is acceptable to be expensive, but never to feel you're being blatantly ripped off. I like to come to a Disney Park (and even spend a lot of my money) to forget about the outside world, not wishing I would be back in it.Dirty dirty dirty    Overpriced poor quality food and drink   Rude arrogant staff   Rude arrogant europeans   Poor upkeep of park   DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON DISNEY GO TO PORTAVENTURA in SPAIN or VISIT FLORIDA DISNEY INSTEAD.If you've never been to a Disney Park and are thinking about your first visit then don't read on. However   if you've previously been to the parks in America and you've now been to the park in Paris, I imagine you may nod your head reading this.This place shouldn't really be called 'Disneyland Paris'. If they were being accurate when naming this it should be called 'Theme Park based on the one in Orlando   but run by the French'.Having been to the parks in Orlando on a couple of occasions it has to be said this park is a very poor relation   the black sheep of the family.My wife, 6 year old son and I stayed for 3 nights 4 days over the recent Bank Holiday weekend and to be honest I was disappointed. Where to Start?Staying at a Disney Hotel 'entitles' you to additional 'Magic' hours in the parks   although it is only for the Magic Kingdom and not the Studios. The extra hours are a waste of time. On our first day there we got to the park at just after 0900   1 hour into the extra hours   and nothing was open or operating!! There was nowhere open to get a coffee, no shops open to part with your cash and the only areas you could get to were Main Street and Fantasyland   all the other areas were roped off with a glum looking 'Cast Member' stood there stopping anyone from exploring. Even though you could get into Fantasyland (the other side of the castle) no rides operated until shortly before 1000   WHAT A WASTE OF TIME!! Certainly not what happens in Orlando.The quality of the rides was generally poor. Some of the rides that you sit on a train for and go on a journey (as were all rides) were over in less than 60 second (the Carousel in Fantasyland only goes around twice before it stops and you have to get off!!) There was little attention to detail in some of the rides. The scenery on all of the indoor rides seemed to stop at eye level   when you looked up all you could see were ceiling panels   which weren   t always there. Also despite the parks opening to everyone at 1000 a lot of the shows in the parks (Cinemagique etc) don't have their first showing until 1200. Something we couldn't understand.The attitude of the 'cast members' wasn't particularly enthusiastic either. On the first evening we tried to get a table at the restaurant in Frontierland at a few minutes past 2000 (the park closes at 2100)   we tried this one because every other eatery in the park was already closed   despite the restaurant only being at best a third full we were told in no uncertain terms that they were not serving anyone else tonight. Aslo the staff are in no hurry to serve you either. We stopped for some ice cream at the ice cream parlour on Main Street. When we began queuing, there was 1 person in front of us. 15minutes later when they had served that 1 person with 3 scoops of ice cream   there was a queue out the door   something that was to be a regular occurrence.There is no two ways about it   the parks are incredibly expensive for food and souvenirs. When in the Magic Kingdom we stopped at Casey   s at the top of Main Street for a quick bite. I had a cheesey hot dog with soft drink (no souvenir cup) and it cost   8.00   it certainly was not worth it. Among some of the souvenirs we looked at we wanted some photo frames for some of the pictures we had. A plain wooden frame   with tiny Mickey Mouse ears embossed in each corner for a 6  x 4  photo was 15 Euros!!! I always expect theme parks to be a bit more expensive   but the cost of things here is ridiculously high   at least Dick Turpin wore a mask!!!Although you wouldn't call the place unclean, it is certainly nowhere near as clean as it's counterpart in Orlando. It's not uncommon to find black sticky marks over the pavements where drinks have been spilt days previously and nothing been done.Also the park tolerates 'Street Merchants' hassling customers just outside the park entrance. Several times men offering Caricatures for a price tried to make a move towards our son to get him to go over. Plus in the evening there were vendors who laid out a small towel and were selling very cheap and tacky souvenirs   none of it Disney related. Not sure this would have been tolerated in Orlando!!That said, if (like I do) you have a wife and child that are mad for Disney then it is worth a quick visit (provided you have deep pockets!!) to let them get a 'fix' of the Disney Magic!!Having been to Florida last year & just coming back for a day trip to Disneyland Paris here are my thoughts that might help.1) We did the day trip on the cheap    9.50 sun vouchers for ferry crossing & family park ticket, 2 nights in a travelodge at Dover.   27.50 for 4 people   fuel  food  cheap treatThe kids were excited and enjoys the day but they are only 4 & 6 and didn't notice the things me & my wife did. 1) The park is dirty & run down compared to Florida   rubbish on the floor, bins not emptied, paint peeling on rides etc2) Staff just don't seem to have any interest. In Florida our kids were asked if it was there first visit or there birthday. They we then given a badge to wear and staff would either wish them happy birthday or ask them how their day was when they passed them. We had all on getting a smile out of any of the staff3) The food is shockingly over priced and of a poor quality. We took food & drink into the park   I still don't know whether you are allowed or not but no one stopped us. This allowed us to have this during the day. We were in the park for 9 hrs and spend 22 euros on popcorn & ice creams.4) In Florida smoking is banned except in one or two smoking zones within the parks. In Paris smoking is not permitted on the rides but appears to be acceptable everywhere else. This simply is not good enough for a childrens theme park. Several times in the day we were queue for rides with our children while people smoked all around them.5) Organisation of things in the park is partilculary poor. Pluto came out to sign autographs, he was mobbed by about 30 kids why his  helper  lent against a wall 10 yards away completely not interested. My two queued up to get Pluto's signature but all the normal rules of waiting your turn had been thrown out of the window . We didn't the helper take control? Because he looked about 17 years old and was too interested chatting up a female worker. OverallOur two enjoyed their trip to Disneyland & we proved it can be done on the cheap, however, take the above comments into consideration before spending   500   on a 2 or 3 day stay thereHonesty, save up and go to Florida and experience the real Disney & see how the Americans look after their guests & little ones!We went with our daughter and family, two grandchildren of 4half and 2. They enjoyed themselves and had a great time. But the adults found the whole experience very dissapointing. There was no magic to the trip for us, the parks looked rundown and tired. There was scafolding round the castle, broken pavements and faded paint on many rides. The food and drink in the parks was ridiculusly expensive,   7 for a pint of beer, nearly   4 for a diet coke in a bar,   12 for burger and chips,   4 for an icecream, etc, etc. The other European guests push and shove their way around the park, have no concept of personal space while queueing, don't bother to queue at all most of the time anyway, not even in the toilets. There are no characters walking around the parks and you have to queue for a meet and greet to get their autographs or a photo taken with them. The characters themselves were mostly lovely when we actually got to the front of the queues and this was the 4 year olds favorite part of the visit. There were big queues on lots of the rides and this was March. We had booked into a Disney hotel in order to make the most of the two hours pre opening but most of the rides were still shut until 10 which made the queues for the only rides open longer than during the rest of the day anyway. We were booked in to the Sequoia Lodge which was just a few minutes walk from the Disney Village. The hotel was clean and the beds were comfortable but they do not even supply tea and coffee making facilites in the rooms. We went to the swimming pool which was a nice size but not very warm. The changing facilities were hopeless with just two changing cubicles in the ladies (none at all in the mens), two toilets and a very small open changing area. They even charge 2 euros for a pool towel. The best thing about it was that the lockers were free. The breakfast buffet was a bit limted and there was nothing hot except toast and there was only one toaster for the whole room full of people (probably 100 or more). There was no variety in the breakfast either, just the same stuff every day. And if you went after7.30am, you had to start your day off with a queue to get in the door.Overall, the children loved it but they didnt know how much better it should have been. The adults found the whole place very disapointing and none of us would ever go there again.Despite being a seasoned traveller I just couldn't cope with the cultural differences. To most Brits and Americans the French will come across as incredibly rude! We lost count of the number of times we were shoved out of the way, coughed on, had food thrown over us...the list goes on. After my 4 year old had been physically kicked off her seat during the stunt show, we could stand no more and came home. Every country has it's fair share of morons, but France's share all seemed to be on a trip to Disneyland this weekend.just come back from sequoia lodge, hotel is good, location good, room good.In village and parks the food prices are way too high,   12 for burger and chips!!!!in some outlets.  4.50 for half a lager,   58 for the latest princess dress, this is extortion!!!!!!TIPS TO SURVIVE.....Take lots of food with you if you are drivingAlong from hotel Santa Fe there is a garage thats sells drinks, food, wine etc at very reasonable prices but Disney doesn't allow them to sell stuff after 6pm so go there in the morning.Also large supermarket at the outlet, with some restaurants,Take travel kettle, tea, coffee etc as there are penty of sockets in rooms.Beware of Eastern block scammers who try to stop you at village entrance, DON'T SIGN THE FALSE PETITION FOR HOMELESS KIDS (as they want a donation).In the parks be ready for a free for all at the character meet and greet!!!Dear AllI never complain , but I feel that I have been robbed of my money by disney paris. Two year ago we went to disney florida. Wow that was not cheap , but we had a fantastic time. In disney paris we stayed at the hotel santa fe (was ok) the first night i went to the buffet , and for 80 euros we where fed slop. We were all disappointed and I complained to the manager of the restaurant.  After telling him my complaints he shrugged his shoulders and said    do you want to have a word with the chief    , I said    yes    and went into the food area and pointed out to both to the manager and to one of the chief   s what food we had. Seeing me pointing out this food some of the other chiefs came out and joined the chef I was with. Immediately I felt intimidated. I looked around for the manager who brought me over, he had gone??? so I felt I should go and we all left feeling that no one had taken any notice of what I said . From then on the rest of my holiday went down the pan..I then noticed falts in everything from the overflowing bins , long que's i mean really long que's for every thing , the cold fast food , rude staff and poor customer service..Still today 3 months later on , I only have bad things to say about disney paris. I have wrote to the customer complains department, and after all this time i have no responce.We as a family will not be going to disney again.Phil from SwanseaMy husband and I visited the park for our 25th wedding anniversary and were guests on 12 27 and 12 28. We used the two day park hopper pass. I am a Disney fanatic and I was so excited to go to Paris Disneyland...it was a disappointment in a big way. First of all, before even getting into the park, we had trouble. We arrived by train and intended to take the shuttle to our hotel, the Radisson Blu. The area for the buses, shuttles, taxis and private cars is three narrow lanes right outside of the train station. You'd think it would have been easy for us but it was chaos. The shuttle pick up zones are not marked; no signs. Fortunately we overheard someone talking about our hotel and asked if they were waiting for the shuttle, which they were. It took at least a half an hour. Although we were right at the curb, all of a sudden about 20 people appeared and stared shoving onto the shuttle ahead of those that were waiting at the curb. The people packed on the shuttle and then the shuttle driver announced that he couldn't drive the shuttle with people standing. Funny how he didn't count or organize the people in any manner to avoid the angry, frustrated group that had to either rearrange, or get off the shuttle. Eventually all children were put on the laps of adults and the shuttle left. This whole ordeal was repeated again every time we took the Radisson Blu shuttle. This hotel is a Disney partner, so I would expect better service and organization. When we arrived at the park the next morning, it was cold and icy. I saw no one clearing snow or putting down gravel or sand to help prevent slips. It was treacherous walking on the steps and sidewalks. There were smokers EVERYWHERE. The amount of smoke was unbelievable and I just about passed out when I got a lungful while waiting in a crowd for a parade to start. Bad enough that I had to experience that as an adult, but really, come on, the cigarettes are burning at kid level all the time. This is obnoxious and unhealthy. Every restaurant we went in, with the exception of the Hakuna Matata, was beyond filthy. Overflowing garbage cans, tables with gobs of food on, around and under them and barely a cast member in sight cleaning up. You would NEVER see this at Anaheim or Orlando Disney parks. Walt would freak. It's not very magical. An interesting, if not disturbing thing I noticed was men in the women's restrooms. Several times I observed this. Maybe this is a European thing? I could understand it if a dad was escorting his very yound daughter, but what was the excuse for the dad with his 10 year old son???? Odd.The queue line up problem was not just in the parking and shuttle area. Since there seems to be a lack of staff, the lines for the rides were also unorganized and chaotic. I need to close on a positive note, so I'll say that as far as structural detail, Paris Disneyland is best. The castle is amazing, the gaslit walkways behind the Main Street stores are lovely and the Discoveryland decor is hands down better than the US Disney Parks. Too bad Paris Disneyland doesn't seem to care enough to keep this park maintained, clean and organized.Well I was really looking forward to this trip over the Christmas period, as were my family. I have 2 small children 5 and 3. It was absolutely freezing which obviously is not Disney's fault but it was snowing when we arrived which was quite magical but the snow settled on ice and previous snow which basically created a lethal surface with which to walk on!We made it through the crowds and survived Christmas eve and Christmas Day, even through the ludicrous queues to get on the shuttle bus from the hotel parks hotel, the french have no idea how to queue!Anyway we were going to the Buffalo Bill Wild West Show on Christmas Day and on entering the show I promptly slipped on a wet floor. They had made no effort to clean or sweep the floor which was like an ice rink. The pathways up to the entrance were not cleared of ice snow..I expected more from Disney.Anyway to cut a long story short I ended up in a french hospital for 7 hours on Christmas night on my own as my husband had to watch my children. In fairness the staff were very pleasant at Disney but I think they knew they were very wrong in not cleaning putting something down to make floor less slippery.It ruined my holiday but I think the children still enjoyed themselves...favourites were Buzz Lightyear ride, Peter pan ride and Live animated Stitch.Glad I looked on here before we went for tips..Don't catch shuttle from hotel to parks..walk along canal river at back of Disney..brings you out at Disney Village and much less hastle!Take rolls batches cheese and ham from buffet breakfast to eat throughout the day.we actually took a suitcase of our own food drink which was a life saver.Rainforest cafe was great to eat...everywhere is expensive but you get an experience with this too!Went to Disneyland Paris for New Year and wa expecting alot as I have been to Disney in Orlando 3 times which is amazing and due to go back there in Febuary. In Disney Orlando when you walk in it feels magical, clean, colouful with uplifting disney music and different chracters everywhere. Here it was un magical, dirty, only a handful of characters and the music was dismal and not very loud. Staff looked like they didn't want to be there and didn't speak english very well so didn't understand what I was saying ( like another review said i'd expect that in any other part of france but not in Disney!). The american staff really get in character when you get on the rides, here they all lack any kind of enthusiasm and you can forget about going the extra mile. The rides are nothing compared to disney orlando, the food is awful and lacks variety and everything is seriously ripp off. Most of everything is in French so when watching a show it means nothing to you or they have one chracter who is french and one is english but again you can't follow the story. Overall I seriously think the place needs closing down as it really doesn't do justice to Dineyland. I think maybe if you haven't been fortunate enough to go to disney america then you would maybe think its good but NEVER magical! Its about as good as any theme park in england so why bother to go all that way and spend all that extra money when you can go to camelot at home. I;m not saying the theme parks in england are not fun, just not anywhere near the magic that is disney orlando. The build up to new year was a total let down too. There was some euro trash old music, no real band and no countdown to new yaer just some un inspiring fireworks. Please please save up for orlando not this place its really not worth it unless you already live in france. Between the two parks disney paris, the studios is better than the kingdom.We went to Disney on Christmas day. I let my guard down considering it was Disney and I was pick pocketed in one of the stores on Main Street. I reported it and the staff was very helpful and I did get it back a few hours later (it was dumped in a bathroom) minus the cash I was carrying. If you are used to Disney in California of Flordia you will be disappointed. When we went many of the rides were not open and no one could explain why or if they would open later. We got there at 9:30 and we had to walk around for an hour to find a ride that was open. It is also cold which you don't experience in the states. On the day we went the whole park was icy they did not take care to cover with salt or sand to prevent falls and we saw many people fall as a result. Paris is beautiful and we loved everything about it. We wish we did not waste a day at Disney we would have been better off enjoying the city for another day. We experienced good customer service everywhere we went and all the Parisians (except the pick pocketers) were wonderful. Overall we had a great time in Paris.We went to Disneyland Paris while we were stuck in Paris because of the snow in the UK. As with Disney attractions generally (and everyone will know) they are not cheap so one expects something a little bit special. Our only comparison is Disneyland Tokyo. Unfortunately Paris Disneyland fails to deliver. The performances were lacklustre and weak there was a lack of ad hoc encounters with Disney stars that we normally see at Tokyo Disney. Also there were technical problems meaning that rides broke down during the ride and worse the main show had to be cut short leaving our daughter very disappointed. We were there at Christmas time and though there was some Chistmas feel and themes we honestly expected much more.Quite a few of the staff could not speak English and while I think this is fine, perfectly natural and to be expected with other attractions in France or any non native English speaking country I don't really expect this for 'Euro' Disney   an attraction that is I thought supposed to be for everyone and is owned by an American company. (I guess employing staff who are multi lingual costs them more.)We paid circa   60 per person to visit Disneyland Paris. This make it a very expensive family day out, especially when food, drink and transport are factored in. Although the park is huge most of it is taken up by restaurants selling poor overpriced food and retail outlets selling overpriced Disney products. The few rides they had nearly all had huge queues and we had to wait around 50 60 minutes for every ride we went on. Althought the rides we went on were generally good unfortunately they weren't good enough to justify standing in line all day. I felt this was a wasted day on trip to Paris. Just far too many people and far too few rides.I've just returned from my first visit to Disneyland Paris. Having been to the Orlando Disney, I'm sorry to say I won't be returning for a few reasons. Generally, the experience just  wasn't Disney . For example:1. I found everything to be totally over priced. From the moment we arrived I got the impression it was all about how they could make the maximum amount of money out of us. For example, when you've spent   1400 on a 4 night stay, you don't expect to pay    7 for tea and coffee making facilities in your room. Come on, a   20 a night B&B in Blackpool puts them to shame on this one. Water over    2? A beer    4? A toffee apple    3? A hot dog, chips and soft drink    8? Good grief, at least Dick Turpin wore a mask!2. Considering France is the home of haute cuisine, the food on offer is appalling and over priced. Trying to eat healthily is well nigh impossible as it's chips with everything and God help you if you're a vegetarian.3. Why bother with a TV in your room if you're English? Every channel was in a foreign language, apart from the News and the info channel. Not at all child friendly for a supposedly child orientated resort.4. A member of staff was most rude and unhelpful. I simply asked for a carrier bag in The Disney Store as the one I had had ripped and was curtly told I couldn't have one unless I bought something. Considering the amount I spent to get there and was wearing a Disney Buffalo Bill Wild West Dinner Experience hat, that was pretty rich.5. My son was too small to go on the Space Mountain ride. The staff wouldn't even let him in the building to stand behind the barriers whilst I rode and insisted that he waited at the exit outside the building. In today's dangerous world, I found this reprehensibly unappreciative of child safety in the extreme.6. The Fast Pass ticket system needs a re think. Only being able to have one at any one time is illogical, really. For the same ride, that would make sense but not for different ones. Further, at one stage, the machines were issuing tickets for riding at 2145h at about 12 noon!7. Fast Passes aren't available on all popular rides. I couldn't get anywhere near the parachute and RC Rider rides, for example, without a 60 minute queue. Way too long, so I just didn't bother.8. Our hotel was in need of some TLC. Whilst not dirty, it just felt tired, in need of a lick of paint and general rejuvenation. (The Santa Fe).Overall, I am sorry to say that I was most disappointed with my visit. It certainly wasn't the quality Disney experience that one expects as a matter of course of anything bearing Walt's name.3rd visit to the park, first visit stayed in Sequoia Lodge, second Newport Bay, this time New York. If there was to be a fourth time, and there won't then it would be back to Newport Bay. I'll cover the hotel issues in another post.The park! Well it's Disney so the usual impressive Disney infrastructure always in evidence. We had a really heavy rainstorm on one morning and within minutes of the rain ending and the sun coming out there were people out sweeping the puddles away. The attention to detail always impresses, as does the general cleanliness of the place.However my main complaint is down to the number of attractions which were either closed, some for refurbishment others just closed, and others which just kept breaking down so you'd be turfed out after having queued. Too many to mention frankly.Now couple this with the balance seeming to have shifted unfavourably between the entertainment side and the retail  try and extract every last euro out of the visitor side  and then add in a healthy, or maybe should that be unhealthy dose of exchange rate misery, and it starts to leave a bit of a bad taste.Which nicely turns us to the food. Now Disney has never been particularly noted for fine dining, though Walt's always was, and indeed still is, the exception here. We had a first rate Sunday lunch on the half board plus menu and even the picky eaters in the family tried and supremely enjoyed everything, even things they thought they might not like. However away from Walt's, oh dear oh dear. You expect junk food, Casey's Corner is hot dogs for heaven's sake so nothing fancy. But soggy wet buns wrapped round ultra cheap dogs? Come on for that price I'd expect fine dogs not the rubbish that was served up on our visit, and way below what was served on previous stays.And so it went on, some places on the HB  list trying to be too fancy and just failing way way short. Others who have no pretensions to be fancy just being grim, eg Punta del Oro Tex Mex, found ouselves sticking to the floors and to the tables. YUK!Beaver Creek Tavern, fatty lamb, cold vegetables, dry and cold swordfish steak, desserts were good though.Parkside Diner, inedible main courses on the buffet, many adults were resorting to the childrens menu.Annettes Diner, another bright star and all three of us fully enjoyed our meal, they have been alongside Walt's as one of the more reliable places over the years.And then you try to go to places that you've visited before, eg Cowboy Cook out barbecue... closed, La Grange at Billy Bob's.... closed and so it went on. Les Cascadeurs... closed.Having paid for Half Board plus we were struggling to find suitable places to eat. We've found on previous visits that the best way to approach the parks is to take a sit down table service lunch early afternoon, that gives you a rest, and sets you up for the rest of the day. With what was on offer, assuming they were actually open, then this strategy was, for us a non starter.Of course it's not all a negative review, and some of the cast really do work hard to make people's visit enjoyable, but it seemed that they were struggling against a huge penny pinching strategy. For example first time ever with a long wait for It's a Small World. Why? Because only reduced number of staff on, and so those who were working refused to load every boat and were only loading alternate boats. I can however understand the logic why they were doing this, but it probably needed just one more cast member on duty. Yet the shops were packed with staff, extracting your money you see?So I'm sorry Disney Corporation, you charge a not inconsiderable sum for a visit, you've tipped over the edge from providing an attraction and turned it into a huge cash extraction process. Truth be known it was always that, but it is now just so blatant.I cannot recommend this venue until things change.I post very few reviews on here mainly due to time and only if I feel I have something to say, very often what I would say has already been said by others, so why take yp TS bandwidth.But DP needs a stinker of a review to get the act together.We did a one day visit here as part of a stopover en route to our summer holiday in the South of France. The park layout is pretty much the same as the Orlando park but that's where the comparison ends. There was nothing like the wonderful, magical atmosphere of the other park and it all looked a bit shabby to me. People were smoking everywhere   not just in the designated areas which I found particularly disgusting. The shops' and restaurants' prices were beyond rip off levels   of course we expected it to be expensive and with the exchange rate not being what it was 5 years ago we also made allowances for that, but 90 Euros for a family meal in what was effectively a MacDonalds with table service was really taking the mickey (no pun intended). Thank God we weren't there as our main holiday   we would have been so disappointed. We're going to save our pennies and go back to Orlando for the authentic Disney experience!!Beware of the Reviewer who writes  great place, loved it! . They obviously haven't lived! I actually feel sorry for the people who work at Disneyland Paris. Apparently, there have been major cutbacks which have affected not only the guests (us!), but the employees too in a big way. We have just returned and are so happy to be home in our clean, comfortable home again. Disneyland Paris is the most outstanding rip off of all times. They lure you in with 'extra' free days at the resort, only to trap you within their gates, offering you nothing but disgusting food (I've had better in hospitals), appalling service and dirty, run down hotel rooms. You are far better off flying to the U.S. and doing it all there   believe me! We couldn't even eat basic McDonald's type food (not that we wanted to) for less than 45 Euros for two adults and two children under 6! But at the end of the day, it's all about the children, isn't it? But where were the characters   I remember going to DL California back in the '70's. I have photos to prove this   on every corner there was either 'Grumpy' or 'Sleepy', Sleeping Beauty or Cinderella, Pooh Bear or Goofy. But no, not in Paris. Hardly a Disney character in sight, and when you did, you had to queue up for ages to have a photo taken with them! I know we all remember things to be so much better when we were kids, but this was such a disappointment   and what an expensive one too.For those who as been to Disneyland California or World Disney in Orlando, please don't spend time going to the one in France.....not worth any penny compare to those in USAThe rides are bad...no light and you are always in the dark...waiting time too long even on week days.if you have been to disney world florida or disneyland anaheim, you will be so disappointed here.over priced in all departments, only average customer service a pale iimitation of the real thing.3 days at the disneyland hotel, travelling from london on eurostar, for 4 adults and 3 small children cost close to   4000. my advice go for the real thing. the prime motivation here is to rip you off not entertain you. closing space mountain in half term week is a good example.My girlfreind and i visited Disneyland in May and we were very disapointed.It took about an hour to get our entry tickets and like other reveiwers have pointed out the park is disorganized in some areas.Large crowds of children and there parents around the characters, jostling to take photo's.My girlfreind has been to florida and says member's of staff there greet the children and introduce them to the characters one at a time.They have a parade called star's and their car's  and staff were lining people along the street for about half an hour and how long did the parade last?...2 minutes 20 seconds!!Something happened to stall the  once upon a dream  parade which led to the deck of cards improvising for 5 minutes.I videoed this and you can hear the audience gradually going quite wondering what was going on.We thought it would be fun to go on the railway that travels around the park,but after an anoucement that there would be a 25 minute wait a train pulled up and only a few people got off which led to another long wait.When we finally got a seat there was nothing to see except trees and bushes untill you got to the next themed area.Be prepared for shocking prices,15 euros for a burger at one fast food joint,and as there is really only a choice between burgers,pizza and steak the cheapest option is mcdonalds.The stunt show was pretty good but at the end of the day its just another theme park,like alton towers,but with mickey's ears and you come away wishing there really was a Tinker Bell to magic the visa bill away!Still a Disney fan   but upset by misleading meal packages at Disneyland Paris (DLP). I am in a long term dispute with DLP over their Disney Meal Packages. What they state on their web sites is not what the meal vouchers say.Last year we booked an  All Your Meals for Free  package (now replaced by  Half Board  packages). From the DLP web site it appeared that this offered a great deal for lunch and dinner at table service restaurant and saved us concerns about the poor   :    exchange rate.When we got the vouchers at Ashford Station (we travelled via Eurostar) we found that only one meal per day was table service or buffet and the other was only counter service (i.e. burger, chips,cola and a yogurt).As such the package deal was not a saving and in fact I think it cost about 40% than paying for the meals directly. It is good for Disney as it guarantees the revenue stream.DLP are saying that the meal restrictions were clearly shown on their web site but they have been deleted now. They are now refusing to discuss the matter further so I am escalating to their CEO.To save any problems, I suggest you print out all the booking details in advance and save any web pages on your PC just in case.We stayed at Disneyland Paris on 31st January 2010 it was very disappointing.We arrived at our bedroom block (Sequoia Lodge) and thought we must be at the staff entrance as there were trolleys of dirty laundry strewn untidily all around the entrance.The door lock on bedroom took about 12 tries to open it. We only kept trying as it was such a long walk back to reception. I am quite used to electronic door keys, and the do require a bit of a    knack    sometimes to open them, but this one was faulty.We heard a member of staff in the corridor and told her the key wasn't working properly. She rudely asked how we had gotten into the room, then, shrugged her shoulders and walked away. I simply couldn   t believe it.The room was dirty     there was rubbish in the ice bucket and the bathroom floor was dirty.The window catch on one window was broken and a metal arm was hanging loose.Reception did not answer the phone when we tried to ring down.There were tiny towels in bathroom and not enough for 4 people as an adult would need two. It was like staying in a really cheap 'motel'.The shows were adequate, but certainly not spectacular. The    Winter Wonderland    party in Frontierland seemed to be more about cutting costs during the off season by having very few cast involved than providing a good show. And the cast could not skate well!     it looked like something put on by an amateur group.We had a nice dinner with the characters in Disney Village and enjoyed the rides, but In general, while the parks themselves have good rides, the staff do not smile nor seem that they are interested in children. There were a couple of good staff and I hate complaining, but really this was not a    magical    experience. We did our absolute best to enjoy the holiday, but we   ve had far, far better.Overall, Disneyland Paris was an expensive holiday, a poor experience andwe will not be returning.went to disney parks on 25th march 2010, was so disappointed with both parks, be prepared to wait 75 mins for a ride as we had to on sunday. I expected the rides to be like the ones in Florida well they are not, there is no billed up to the ride like you get in florida, people push pass you with backpacks on, i came home bruised they are so rude. Some of the rides were closed big disappointment for us and the grandchildren. The rain spoils it too, so get a poncho before you go as 4 cost us 40 euros and they rip easy.Food well you just have to queue for up to 40 mins and thats just to buy fast food then find a table if you can good luck is what i say. Abit of advice save your money and go to floridaIf you enjoy getting ripped off then Disneyland Paris may just be for you.In addition we found the majority of the Parisians to be ignorant, arrogant and bad tempered   this included many of the Disney staff. We have 2 small children and you basically have to fight to get to see the attractions otherwise you get pushed to the back.It is not Euro Disney it is French Disney and they basically dont want anyone else there.If you want to experience Disney go to the states and let them look after you properly rather than put up with all the expense and hassle you get with Euro Disney.The kids did enjoy it but, boy, did we have to work that much harder here to make it enjoyable. Very dissapointed.I have visited Disney in Florida last year. A great experience, so the plan was made to visit Eurodisney. We also booked a stay in Hotel Cheyenne. To start with the hotel, it is poor value for money. The rooms are not very clean, the rooms (and beds) are small and the interior (the TV for example) are outdated. The breakfast is ultimate chaos. You receive a card where you see the time you are welcome for breakfast. The choice of food is not great. The price of the hotel is hugh, compare it with more expensive 4 or 5 star hotels. But the Cheyenne is a poor 2 star hotel if you ask me.I have different views abouth the stay in the park. We were there on a tuesday, friday and satyrday in November. The tuesday and friday were ok. Waiting times were not so long, from 5 minutes to max 20 30 minutes for the big attractions. Attractions are good. On saturday however, the lines were horrible. Up to 120 minutes. Luckily for us, we visited all the attractions and ran away from the parc. It was so crowded, i couldn't believe my eyes. What annoyed me most was the French element. The staff was arrogant, uninterested and not friendly at all. What a difference when i compare this to Disney World Orlando. There all the staffmembers are happy, helpfull and with their behaviour they add that magic to the Disney experience. Too bad that in France, such high standards are impossible. The prices in Eurodisney are also extremely high. A simple hot dog costs a fortune.Disney Village was a lot smaller then the village in Orlando. The restaurants in Disney Village are ok, but (ofcourse) quit expensive. Don't expect prime cuisine, but the burgers and steaks are ok. We eated in Planet Hollywood and Rainforest.My advice to Disney: improve the hotels, lower the prices and please fix the waiting lines. And maybe it is a good advice if Disney train there personell better. Learn them how to smile, be helpfull etcetera.I have brought my family to Disney's parks in California, Florida and Paris several times over the past 10 years. The US parks are fantastic, they really know how to create the MAGIC. However, Disneyland Paris is a disgraceful reflection of Disney   s customer service ethos. In general, I found their employees to be very rude, arrogant and disinterested in my experience of the parks. I have just returned from a 5 day trip and we have decided that we will never return to Paris for Disneyland. Its a shame because the attractions are actually quite good. The new Crush Coaster is excellent, as is the Tower of Terror, the live motorshow, Aerosmith Coaster, Haunted Mansion, Thunder Mountain, Space Mountain and a whole load of other attractions that most children can get on.It was  4C most of the time we were there, which was great as its really felt like Christmas with real snow on the ground.Disney, if you read these reports     send some of your heavy hitters to Paris to sort out this mess before you lose your investment.We will try PortAventura in Spain next time.I am very disappointed that i have to write this complaint, but we were very unsatisfied with our stay at Santa Fe Hotel, Disneyland Paris from 6th November '09 to 8th Novemever '09. We went especially for our child's first birthday as we wanted it to be a special, magical day for him.  There were numerous issus that arose over our weekend at Disneyland Paris, and feel that these should be reported and followed up. As a customer and mother I do not agree how these issues could of occured on our visit and am disgusted that Disneyland Paris allow such rude and unfriendly attitudes towards their paying customers. Firstly, when we arrived we were given a room on the first floor of which there was no lift for us to take the pram up even though on our booking we had noted that we had a baby with us. We had to go back to reception and ask for a room on the ground floor. The next room we were given was right next to the main entrance into the building. The main entrance door to the block would not shut so a draft was coming underneath our door. We stopped the draft by putting towels down by the door. We had a baby in a cot which is close to the floor, having to put towels by the door to stop the draft is really not good enough. When initially checking in, we were asked a time we would like to have breakfast. We asked if we had to chose a time as with a baby we are never on time and didnt want to rush. We were told that we had to chose a time, so we did. The next morning we frantically rushed to get ready for our allocated breakfast time, only to find ourselves waiting in a long queue. At first we thought the queue was for our table and waited patiently. As we had to rush to make it down on time, our baby was still in his night clothes. We then realised the majority of people in the queue did not have their ticket with an allocated time on, and the Disneyland Staff were just letting them in for breakfast with no priority for the people queuing with a ticket. When we finally found a table we found it to be dirty, the milk machine was out of milk, there were only broken bits of bread in the bread basket and there were no glasses to get juice. This is unacceptable. We are trying to get our child used to a feeding time. We had to break our schedule to fit in with the Santa Fe rules, only to find out nobody was sticking to the rules anyway.All this time was wasted which we could have spent in the park. Our friends then went back to the room to get a shower while we finished eating and feeding our baby. On return to the room, they found the new key they were given didn't work, so they had to go back to reception to fix this problem. Once again, more time that was lost that could have been spent in the park. They had to queue for a considerable amount of time to get to the reception desk, only to then speak to an incredibly rude and ignorant manager. Our friends explained the problem about the key to him, and expressed that they were disappointed about loosing time in the park as they also had to queue for breakfast when other people were allowed to push in etc. The manager replied that there were problems at Santa Fe with regards to the breakfast, but they had tried numerous other ways of doing it and the way they were currently using worked best. He then went on to add that he had been to many other hotels throughout the world and that they all have problems. Our friends said that they were also frequent travellers and had not seen breakfast in such shambles as that! The manager went on to argue with our friends that he had been to more countries and and stayed in more hotels than they had!! We find this to be completely unprofessional. The manager tried to resolve the problem by promising that he would come back to the room and fix the key. He never did. The rest of our 2 day stay we had to share the key which was completely unreasonable.  When we finally got to the park we were having a lovely time until.. We had booked the 'Birthday Meet and Great' in the Lucky Nugget for our son's first birthday. Again, we wanted his day to be extra special and one to remember for all of us. I phoned twice and both times when I reseved a place I was asked for his age and name. Once again, we had to wait a considerable amount of time to even be let into the Lucky Nugget, in which time other guests had started gathering outside. When the doors eventually opened, we found the other guests to push in and bombard other guests. With regards to Health and Safety, this is a very dangerous situation.  When we arrived we were seated at a table and then we went to change our son's nappy. When we came back, the staff were handing out the birthday cakes. We found the waiters to be very rude. They literally plonked the cake down in front of us. Nobody said happy birthday to him. A card was also placed on the table which was blank. It didn't even his name writen on it.  Goofy, Pluto, Tigger and Tac came round to meet our son, of which he loved. Then we spotted Mickey, but he was going round every table so we thought he would come to us last as we were situated near the end. When Mickey finally got to the tables near us, we assumed he would then come to us. To our dismay we relised he was about to leave, so my partner went over to him and kindly asked if he could you come over to say happy birthday to our son and sign his card. Mickey's helper then very rudely and abruptly replied  no, we are going he has no more time . We were so incredibly disappointed and upset by this. Our son has a Disneyland Paris autograph book with pictures of him with everyone except Mickey. Later, the staff then brought around the surprise for the the birthday boy girl and missed our table, so I went to the bar and asked if our son could have his surprise. A staff member called Aissa then went to get one and gave it to our son. We quickly realised the surprise was not suitable for under 3's, so we asked them if he could have a different surprise suitable for his age group. Aissa then went to find another product and once again came back with another surprise that was not suitable for under 3's. Aissa told us they didn't have anything for under 3's which I found funny as we were in Disney which is aimed at children, and we had seen things suitable for his age group around the park. We found the lady we spoke to very abbupt and her attitude towards us appalling. I was concerned my son would pick up on her negative approach as they pick things up so quickly at his age. I informed her that we had paid for him to have a birthday cake, meet the characters and receive a birthday surprise and that he had not recieved his surprise. She rudely replied 'You didn't pay for him'. We had to pay 19 euros a head for the adults. What right does she have to talk to paying customer like that? She then tried to get around the situation by telling us the surprise was not included in the price, and then told us that he could have the surprise that was not suitable for under 3's for him. Items have warnings printed on them for a reason. If our son had choked on the gift that Disneyland Paris gave him that was not suitable for his age group, imagine the public interest and what would be printed in the newspapers. Luckily we did notice, but if Disneyland Paris is going around giving presents to other children and the parents are not so alert to this, it's an accident waiting to happen. I told her that I would like to speak to a manager about these issues, only to be told there were no mangers on site. Once again, if something was to happen in the Lucky Nugget and there was no manager around to handle the situation, imagine the interest of the public and newspapers. Something else waiting to happen really!Finally a supervisor came and spoke to us. He was very pleasant and understanding of our issues raised to him. He also told us that we could complain near the entance of the park and explained that he could not do much more than which we found to be resonable. So, why couldn't Aissa who gave him the unsuitable toy, or the manager at Santa Fe handled it the same? Why did they have an abusive, threatening and uncaring attitude towards us? We're paying customers, wanting a fantastic birthday for our son. We found the staff to be unreasonable with us and make our time at Disneyland Paris uncomfortable and stressful. So much time was wasted going back and forth which could have been spent in the park. We're disgusted that Disneyland Paris employ people with such poor customer service and unacceptable approach to customers to work around children and deal with children and families everyday on their special occasions. The time for his birthday party was runined and we payed 19euros a head *4 to be argueing a fair point with a staff member that was so unreasonable and rude which i feel is totaly wrong. We paid   636 for 2 nights in a draughty room which was not suitable for a child to sleep in a cot low to the floor. When we complained at City Hall the staff were very helpful, understanding and friendly. They totaly understood our point that we could not give this toy to our son and kindly gave him teddy which was very kind. Why couldn't that have been done earlier at the Lucky Nugget? They were also very sympathetic about our troubles at Santa Fe. They informed us to write to Disneyland Paris as this is not acceptable behaviour for staff at Disney. We are so angry and upset to think we paid all that money for our son's birthday and ended up treated in such a poor manner. Disneyland Paris is meant to be a family park and we didn't expect such low standards, rudeness and aggressiveness.  So, that was his first birthday. It was meant to be incredibly special. Instead, it was an incredible let down.I guess this just agrees with many other reviews   once the American parks have been experienced, this really is a poor second best. There really is no comparison of the general state and cleanliness of the parks, the friendliness of the staff and the quality of the rides. Eating in the park will just about bankrupt you and the food isn't up to much.To be honest, particularly given the present exchange rates, head for the USA if you want to  do Disney . In Europe, the Efteling park is much better.We went to DLP on 21st Oct, staying at the Santa Fe Hotel. The hotel was lovely, no complaints! We were in the Disney Park for 8am which was worth it. The rides were good, the kids loved Buzz Lightyear. We took some snacks with us, which saved some money. We ate at Cafe Mickey, the food is discusting! lots of characters which was the only good thing. Rainforest cafe was better and the Lucky nugget saloon was ok but nothing great. Bad service in this one, waited 20mins to pay. They rush you then your left standing and waiting for ages. Buffalo Bills is worth it! Was great, we really got involved and was fun! The people are pushy and rude, pushing my 5 year old. I'd had enough after 2 days! Was a good time but we wouldnt go back there again!Everything expensive, but i knew what to expect. We travelled on eurostar which is great, Disney Express works very well too. The longest queue was about 30mins for Nemo and Peter Pan. but usually the queus go quite quick and we were usually only waiting for 5 10 mins. I wouldnt recommend going on a Saturday, it got extremely busy on this day. When it rains it rains! Head for the studios for more shelter! Stitch Live was worth seeing too. Be very careful, when its wet everywhere is very slippery, lots of people falling over! No one queues for anything, so in the end we stopped queueing too. They shove you in the lines, i ended up barging them back just to make them stop. Even with me being pregnant they do not care! Take rainjackets you WILL need them! If travelling on Eurostar you can take as much luggage as you want. We bought back lots of presents even a huge globe in a box and it was fine. there is an Esso garage outside near the Santa Fe but we didnt go there. The shuttle buses were fine for us, no pushing. Get breakfast before 8am, after this its really busy!We booked this trip for my son's 5th birthday, we stayed in the Sequoia Lodge for 3 nights 4 days. On arrival check in was smooth and we went straight to our room to feed me one year old daughter, there was no kettle in the room which I was quite surprised about I called reseption 4 times and after an hour one eventually arrived!!! Not a good start! We proceded to the park which was a 10 15 min walk from the hotel. When we got there it was so busy the queues were too long. We managed to get on a few of the smaller rides and decided to brave the queues the following day. I have to say and I may be generalising but the French really don't seem to like Brits, it was quite apparent from both the french public and the staff especially at the hotel. Having been to Florida I have to question the positioning of this park as they didn't seem to have the same hospitality skills to deliver the  Disney Magic !!!!! Also no one seemed to know how to wait in line it was definatley evryone for themselves. I was surprised at how small the park was and the tour in the studios was poor. If I had to sum up the park and hotel I would say if is a very poor relation to Disney in the USA. One last comment, everyone seemed to be smoking in all areas and as it was so busy it felt very claustrophic and ash was flying everywhere and I was worried about me daughter who was in the pushchair!!! There were designated smoking areas but these weren't enforced and it was a free for all. Despite all this my son really enjoyed it which was the min point of the holiday but as for me its never again!!!They are so unhelpful, rude, and French! Can   t believe Disney chose to build a Euro Disney in Paris     of all cities in Europe, you will not meet or find local people as rude, impolite and unfriendly as in Paris     and Euro Disney is definitely not an exception.The day we arrived they had run out of fast passes at the entrance, and we were asked to go to the information on Main Street. No we don   t have any fast pass here; you have to get them at the entrance. Well they asked us to go here. She made a phone call. Well we don   t    have any at the moment try and come back to the entrance in a few hours. I asked if she would call me on my cell phone when they had them, and the answer was    no   . Thanks a lot!We took one ride in the mad tea cups, and then we went to the Peter Pan ride and explained to the staff at there were no more fast passes, if we could get a fast pass ticket. The staff there didn   t believe us     of course there is fast passes at the entrance     he refused to help and kind of laughed at us! Thanks a lot!We then went to the entrance again and now they had fast pass tickets, so we went around to the different attractions to get a time, the mountain train we got tickets for 11:20 pm     and that part of the park closes at 10pm that evening     we contacted staff and explained that we had waited several hours for fast passes, and now we had had a ticket for 11:20 pm     1 hour 20 minutes after they close. Yet again a rude French person couldn   t care less, and we had to wait over 90 minutes to have the ride.Planed to have a nice meal in the blue lagoon. But no way! This was the worst staff of them all. At the entrance to the restaurant we had to wait for ages, there weren   t any other guests, but apparently the person working there, needs to register us in their system, He asked several questions, and we needed to spell our sir name 10 times     still have no idea what that was good for. Finally he gave up, wrote a little note and asked us to give this to the waiter. Then we entered the restaurant hardly any guests at least 2 3 the tables were empty. We waited for a long time, waiters slowly walking past us taking no notice what so ever that we were waiting. Finally a French girl approached us, with out saying a word the took the note, read it and said    wait here, your waiter will seat your momentarily    When we finally was shown a table we had waited for more then 45 minutes     mind you we were the only guest waiting for a table, there was plenty of staff, but they just did not serve any of the guests.There is only one small lunch menu, not a lot to choose from, and after 5 10 minutes we were ready to order. We waited a rather long time, before waving a waiter to our table, telling her we were ready to order    I am not your waiter    and she walked away. We were stunned of the level of service     after another 10 minutes waived a waiter, she also said    I am not your waiter     he is up there    I explained we had waited over 1 hour to be seated and would like to order, as we had fast pass tickets for the Peter Pan ride     and asked if she would tell your waiter we were ready to order.    no    and she started clearing a table next to us. Thanks a lot!We decided to leave, stunned by the totally unhelpful and rude staff. By then we only had time for a lousy fast food burger at a sticky table.The only sweet people working there was the princesses     they were smiling and kind, and a relive they were not like the other staff at all.Oh this revive is getting too long.To make a long     expensive     sad story short!Stay away from Euro Disney Paris. Unfortunately I have never been to the real Disney in USA, but Disney Park in Hong Kong is about the same size as Paris     and in Hong Kong they know what service means.I have just come back from Disney and was not impressed. Although me and my boyfriend have both been to Disney in Florida  you cannot compare whatsoever to Disney in Paris. In Paris everything is smaller, and there are not enough rides for ages 18 25. For the younger ages it is perfect to see the characters, but for people our age (21) it is not worth going.Everything is aged, and it looks like some rides have not been touched since it opened. MGM Studios is tiny, and the two main rides are only Terror Tower and Aerosmith ride. And that is basically it there. The other park is much bigger, but the rides are all for younger children.Saying that, the cost of getting into the park and food in there is a joke  you're looking at 20 euros each for just a burger and chips. 2.50 euros for any bottle of drink so take your own.Downtown disney it not too bad; again the cost is scaled way too high.We were both very disappointed when we went, and would not recommend going for younger people. Especially if you have been to Florida as you cant even compare the two.I was allured by the invitation to have breakfast every morning with the Disney characters however there was no given number of how many Disney characters would appear at breakfast. My family, which included my brother, his wife and their 8month old daughter, myself and my 2 1 2 year old son arrived to the Disneyland Hotel (a four star rated hotel on the website) and we were perplexed as to where the valet service was. Directions for cars were not mark however when we figured out where to go we were pleasantly greeted by hotel staff both at the valet station and at reception. We allowed for the bell service to take our bags and were assured by the receptionist that our bags would be up to our room shortly. As we walked through the hotel filled with and overpowering scent of powder fresh, we made our way to the elevator that took us to the first floor which our room was located. The decor was beautiful, however upon inspection of the room, mold was noted to be in the corners of the bathtub, no refrigerator was available for people with infants who needed formula or stored breast milk. The  family room  that we booked, was supposed to be slightly larger and more suitable for, well, families was the same size as a regular room with two full size bed in a small room. Our baggage was missing for an hour before we finally called the front desk and reach someone who said they would bring our bags up. At that time we finally received our bags. We then made our way to dinner...this is when we noted a disclaimer. Dinner reservations are simply a requirement at the restaurants for dinner. The buffet at Inventions was mediocre. I've honestly had better at the Hilton in Austin, TX. We sat down to dinner and were excited to see Goofy who seemed to be making his way around each table. As he began to approach our table he turned his back towards the children and began to walk off to the restaurant kitchen leaving our children in the wind with no picture, autograph, not even a pat on the head. We began to get passed up by several of the characters through the night and we not only got heartbroken for the children, but frustrated as well. We asked the waiters if the characters appeared for breakfast in the same restaurant, as the website said you would enjoy your breakfasts every morning with Disney characters, the waiter said only two characters would be outside the restaurant for a certain amount of time. The price was not worth the food nor the experience. I paid 230 Euro dollars for 3 adults and 1 child to have a buffet dinner that you could get for 16 Dollars total on the Las Vegas strip. I really just wanted to make everyone eat until completely stuffed so we would get our money's worth.Breakfast in the morning was better than dinner. Although only one character would stand in front of the fireplace mantle at a time lines were formed so that people wouldn't get pushed back. The parks themselves are not comparable in size nor attractions to those of the parks in the US. We started our adventure on a rainy day and as such no Disney characters were in sight. We were given FastPass tickets that we could use for only one ride and were invalid at peak hours (from 1300 1600). Some workers looked as though they hated their job and treated guests at the park as though they hated their jobs. When my brother and I went to use our FastPass at 1610, the lady at the line said the tickets could not be used because it was past 1600. We were confused and mad. Walt Disney Studios was very small and this is actually were the children met the most characters. It only took approximately 3 4hours to walk around the park, see the attractions, and go on the rides that were worth going on. For lunch, we decided to make our way to Planet Hollywood since we needed some decent American food...yeah, that was not at all what we got. The spinach dip was disgustingly tasteless, the alfredo sauce had no taste or salt in it at all, the penne whatever my sister in law got was so awful she spit out her first bite and pawned it off on my poor brother. My fajitas were edible until I put quacamole on it. The quacamole tasted rotten. And the service...not only was our waiter rude to us in a sense that he always seemed like he had better things to do when he took our order he also failed to bring us water that we requested 3 times and almost forgot about the babies' food.Overall, my family and I were not impressed with the hotel, the parks, the staff, or the restaurants. This is not an experience I would recommend unless you really just have that much money to waste on over priced food and rude service and thoughtless, uncaring Disney characters.Let's start by saying: you're better of avoiding a trip to this park in August. The queus are just too long (minimum 1 hour, up to 2 hours), the attractions break down regularly, the  fastpass  is a farce, because you can only use it twice on a day (given the times between the printing and use f the pass).The staff is friendly, but they have to obey so many bureaucratic rules, the organisation as a whole is very unfriendly. The Disneyland park scores  terrible  for me. It was the worst day for me of 2009 so far as I'm concerned. It's just a rip off.The second park (Disney Studios) is much better organised and has acceptable waiting times. This is mainly due to the high capacity of most shows   attractions. In this park you will enjoy your stay much better. You actually see a lot of things. The rollercoasters here are also much too crowded. The Nemo rollercoaster for instance had a 2 hour queue. Just skip it!This park scores  average .The combination of both parks scores poor for me. The management of Disney should work to improve this, this is not worthy of the Disney brand.We (2 adults 2 kids) went Fri Sun in August, stayed in the Newport Bay Hotel. Hotel was OK family room a bit cramped. Basicaly a large  box  hotel with a fancy facade. The Park itself, well disappointing. Up to an hour and a half wair for some rides, fortunately hotel guests get in 2 hours early otherwise we wouldn't have bothered with most of them. Everything is very expensive to the point of rip off. You can't bring food drink in so you have to buy theirs. Example lunch   4 sandwiches, 4 bottles water 40 Euro.Two days is enough, during the last day the kids just wanted to go back to the hotel, boorish rude people pushing their way around the place I'd had enough too.My kids have been to Parc Asterix twice and would love to go back   they don't want to go back to Disney and that sort of says it all.Although we looked forward to spending 2 days at Disneyland, we were not completely satisfied at the end. Why? The big crowds in August obviously created long queues, mostly in the sun. Imagine spending 2 hrs in the queue, with minimum enthusiasm left when it's finally your turn to take a ride or see an attraction (unless there is a technical fault as has happened to us and we missed the climax of the attraction after spending 2 hrs in the queue!! And no one told us anything about the fault!!)Not enough activities for adults and children and too much people with important waiting lines (sometimes more than 1h30..)Finally you do maybe 15 minutes of pure attraction for 6 full hours of waiting time...That's a poor ratio for fun and you finish the day more tired and stressed and happy to go home.It's maybe better out of summer, i don't know, but in summer, don't go !I have now been to Disneyland Paris three times (well, actually the first time it was still Euro Disney). The first time was OK   despite it still being built. The second time (three years ago) there was a strike on so no parades and hardly any characters. Disneyland Studios at the time was sad and gave the impression that it was closing down and the food was terrible. We stayed at the Sequoia Lodge which, at the time, was actually very nice. Strange how things can change in three years. We returned in April this year due to a massive family get together (so Disney would not have been my choice). What a huge disappointment. Lets start with the Sequoia were we stayed. Clean, but poor service throughout. The bath towels were the size of hand towels, one soap between the three of us sharing the room for the duration, the plug in the sink didn't work (i.e. you had to use a nail file to prise it out) and only half the lights in the room worked. I have since found out from friends associates who have also stayed at the Sequoia that they all experienced this as well      we can   t have all stayed in the same room!The main park at Disney, shows signs of being run down. The trams seem to have disappeared, as have the old cars. The toilets were dirty and the parades were, how can I put this, pathetic. If you want to see a decent parade go to Bridgwater Carnival in Somerset!The Studios fared slightly better in as much as it looks like it   s had a lick of paint, since our last visit. However, again, it is almost as if they are trying to save money big time. This was particularly obvious in Honey I shrunk the Kids. It was so worn that the film was fuzzy and half the audience couldn   t feel the mice. We had to explain to those of our party that had never been before what was supposed to happen. Disney Village, like the parks, seemed very sad. Sad staff, sad service, and (like the hotel) half the lights in the signs didn   t work. Very seedy.So, would I recommend Disneyland Paris? If you have children and have never been to Florida     yes. They will be happy as it   s Disney. If you are going with other adults     no. It   s a massive rip off. Over priced, shabby and tacky. Even the fast food     isn   t (expect to wait up to 20 minutes for a burger    and that   s AFTER they   ve taken your order!The 3 of us stayed in Disney's Cheyenne Hotel for 2 nights, which was a fairly pleasant Wild West Themed set of hotels. There was a bar in the hotel called The Red Garter which was 6 Euro for a pint of lager and 4 Euro for a diet coke. TIP! Keep your till receipts, because if you spend over a certain amount, your recepit will have a voucher at the bottom for a free glass of pop. We found breakfasts very bad indeed. Firstly it was like a rugby scrum of a morning (mostly with the other french guests) who dont queue like the english! just to get your hands on something to eat   and then there's a terrible 'continental' selection. Only croissants, 3 types of very sweet cereal, and cheese and ham to make up sandwich rolls from! Rubbish coffee, no Tea so all that was left that was ok, was orange or pineapple juice. So you leave the breakfast area still feeling hungry. We walked the 10 minutes along the man made river to the park entrance, as the shuttle busses are usually jam packed, and it is actually a very nice, quiet, easy walk. DONT EAT in the Disney Village Area (this is where most of the big eating establishments are before you actually get to the park gates). The food here is VERY expensive with a burger costing anything from 17 Euro to 30 Euro! We took our own stock of crisps, biscuits, pot noodles etc following advice we had had from other people that had visited, and it was a good job we did or else we would have been starving. At the end of the holiday though, we were longing for a proper meal of meat and vegetables, as only junk food seems to be on offer in the resort   unless your willing to pay through the nose! Unfortunately for us, the Disney Magic was seriously lacking as we expected to see Disney characters walking around the parks, but no. If you want to see one, let along have your photo took with them, then you have to queue up in a designated location for nearly an hour to do this. Again the park rides fill up very fast and before you know it there's at least a 70 minute wait for them, let alone the popular ones! We had a nice bbq chicken meal in the frontierland   which only cost 27 Euro   this was after we scoured the park for the best deals. As I say, for us it was a let down. Just seemed to be a glorified Theme Park, which was not as large as expected, souvenier shops at every turn with as high a price as the food establishments, no characters to 'coo' over and very rude europeans to battle with. All in all, a disappointment for an expectant 10 year old and 2 Disney loving adults!Be prepared to queue.Queue for breakfast, the bus in & out, security check, Tickets, entry, rides, characters, photos opportunity etc etc etc.The joy of our long awaited family holiday was dented by the hassled feeling of being pushed and shoved. Not to mention the queue jumpers.One staff member at  Guest Relations  named Julian deserves a special mention for his complete rudeness and utter unhelpfull attitude. Disney may have to do a bit more training if this is what us paying customers are to turn to when we need help and understanding.If only Tinkerbells Magic dust would work on this surly arrogant man.We took the VEA Shuttle bus from the airport, we pre purchased our tickets but this doesnt mean you are guaranteed a seat   everyone is in the same scrum, sorry queue and you need to fight your way on. We stayed at the New York Hotel, which was great, couple of minor issues but would recommend the hotel overall. Those of us in the group who had been to Disneyworld in Orlando were disappointed with Disneyland Paris, the park just lacked the  Disney Charm  you get in Orlando. The worst thing was the smoking, there are designated smoking areas and supposedly a 68 euro fine for smoking outside of these but people are smoking everywhere regardless and with 2 small children and a pregnant member of the group it was quite unpleasant. The parks are not as clean and have to say the toilets were just disgusting. The staff varied some were just plain rude and unhelpful whilst others went out of their way to make sure the children were not stampeded by 40 year old woman who wanted their picture taken with a character first. The one thing we all hated was the total lack of manners displayed by a great number of visitors in the park. Europeans do not have the same level of manners as those in the USA and although it is not the fault of Disney there are things which could be done to improve matters.At the moment the exchange rate of GBP to Euro is very poor but the prices are crazy. To save money make up sandwiches from the breakfast buffet and take them in. They have a bag check at the front gate of the park but if you carry them wrapped in a jacket cardi they dont check and away you go. Disney Village has a good choice of places to eat but it is expensive. We ate in Planet Hollywood which was good quality and would say reasonable value for money. Annette's Diner was enjoyable but 4.80 for a pint of sprite with half a glass of ice spoiled it. Macdonalds is more expensive than home but still half the price of other places. It was however filthy and you were hit with a very unpleasant smell as you walked in the door. If you have been to Orlando dont expect the same at Disneyland Paris or you will be disappointed. But if you cant get to Orlando and want to give your kids a taste of Disney it is still worth it   no amount of money can buy the picture on their faces when they see Mickey Mouse etc right in front of them.Just returned from four days in EuroDisney. Wow! The prices are AMAZING! 17.95 Euros for a burger (cold) and chips lunch per person after a long queue. Stayed at the Vienna Dream castle Hotel   great but a small beer was 6.96 Euros and tea or coffee in room an extra 6 Euros. Had a VERY Small lasagne in Rainforest cafe and it cost 21 Euros. What planet are they on?? Merchandise pricey too. 10 Euros for a mug! Kids loved it but then they didn't have to pay. Don't go unless you have loads of money and enjoy queing. On Sundays the Parisiennes arrive in droves and queues were 90 minutes. A fastpass at 3.00 p.m. gave a time of 8.15 p.m.!WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT!! This was our 5th trip here and we won't be going again.It has gone downhill for lots of reasons and we felt we did not get what we had paid for.We stayed in the Sequoia Lodge Hotel which was dreary and it had no tea coffee making facilities which one would expect, I gather none of the hotels here even the 5star one have this.The TV was as old as the hotel(15 years) and only had bbc news which was repetative after an hour, in english or back to back adverts for disney! Towels were thin and small, not bath size and we had to pay 2euros each in the pool (nonrefundable), for towels, ie 6 euros a day!!None of the usual shows were on and was a huge dissapointment to our grandaughter who looked forward to them.Only one Parade which was mid afternoon, no evening parade with lights.Forget going to the park early as most rides are not open untill the main opening time of 10am and even then you can walk right over to the back of the park and find the ride you want doesn't open til 11 or 11.30.The only shop you need to go in is the main Disney shop as all the others stock exactly the same items   boring or what?Well Disney you certainly will not be seeing us again, which is a shame as in previous years we had no complaints. I wonder if you have got too big for your Mickey Mouse boots!!I was super excited to be going to Disneyland when I was backpacking through Europe   but unbeknown to me, the day I went was in fact a public holiday.The entire experience was awful   it took me an hour to get through the front doors and then I literally had to wait an hour for each of the rides I went on   the entire 9 hours I was there I only went on three rides. I queued for 90mins to get on the Big Mountain.All in all a mediocre and very costly day.We went in july and it was heaving with people, the ride queues were ridiculous. You can get a free bus in from your disney hotel but it was so packed you could hardly breathe, dont think the french care too much about health n safety. The stunt shows are good though, we went twice, but a lot of the rides are aimed at under tens,so great for kids but Drayton Manor has most of it and much less expense! I thought Disney Village was going to be a village( well... the name sugests?? ) but its just one street of shops, cafes and a rhodeo thing, and all the shops sell the same thing and not cheap either. on the plus side if you have a disabled member in your group go to main desk first and get a pass it lets all your party on the rides without queuing and this is brill.....pity no one told us till the second day of our 3 day hol. Id say give this a miss n save up for disney  florida, the real deal.I must admit, the first time we traveled to Euro Disney we really thought that the journey via Eurostar was the pits... but we did have fun along the way so this August we did it again... and really regret it now.The train it's self was dirty and smelly (although the departure from St. Pancreas was a nice experience).At the park the queues for the rides were unbelievable. An hour's queue for a ride that lasted 2 minutes is a joke!The cost of eating and buying gifts are truly sky high. It's something that spoilt our holiday. And the queues there were also too long for what would appear to be a simple thing to do.Over in America they certainly have things worked out and are very efficient!Having been to Florida we went with open minds. The park was smaller but clean and most of the same rides. That is about the only good thing I can say. The other Europeans visiting there have no concept of the queuing system and most of the time just pushed in. they were rude and arrogant and all the English we spoke to had the same experience. We even found them pushing in whilst waiting for the lifts in our hotel and when waiting for the coach to take us back to the airport. The staff in disney were also mostly miserable and my youngest was most upset that there were no disney Characters walking around . If you wanted to have an autograph you have to go to set places at set times and youve guessed it, try and queue. I have to say that even though our Country is not what is was we are mostly a polite and thoughtful race. The Spanish and Italians could learn alot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!First went nearly 10 years ago, and this time round, it seemed more geared to taking your money off you than to delivering an experience not to forget.Actually, that's unfair, the unforgettable experience was provided by the prices. We were charged 27 euros for 2 sandwiches (nothing fancy, just regular sandwiches in a triangular box   like you'd get at lunchtime in the UK), 2 small coffees (vending machine size cups   not Starbucks buckets), 1 small fries (I counted them   24 fries to be precise) and a 500ml bottle of coke. The food prices are outrageous.I liked DLP the first time I went, and wanted to go back again. I wouldn't ever return.I love Disneyland. To my shame we have been at least 20 times to Paris and a few times to Florida. I tell you that so you know I am a Disney lover and I think no one in the world does kids entertainment like Disney do.BUT.... Paris is starting to slip. The service when we were there last week was bad, the food in the parks was atrocious and ridiculously over priced (cold pizza, cold fries, and so on). The difference between the standards here and in Florida is huge. You're letting it slip DLP.Stayed at the Newport Bay for 4 nights. The room was nice but the hotel was pandemonium. I would imagine they are all the same. The foyer was constantly full of people queueing to check in. Breakfast was a free for all and you were ushered to your table by a head waiter whose main aim was to rush you through as quickly as possible. There were dirty plates and food piled up on tables all around the side of the breakfast room. The parks were too busy and at the weekends you had to queue for hours to get on one ride. On the Saturday, after one ride, we decided to call it a day and went back to the hotel for a swim. I didn't expect it to be like Florida, but it was such a disappointment. There was none of the magic we experienced there. The service and food were awful so we decided to eat at the Disney Hotel restaurant. What we had was nice but a main course for two adults, cheese board, coffee and wine, with a child's menu came to   126. I wouldn't mind but the portions were so small we left hungry. I can't think of anything positive to say about our trip and we certainly won't be returning.we went to Euro Disney from 1 10   5 10 and I have to say it was a rip off from the moment we got off the plane to the moment we got back on!! All they care about is money they cram too many people into every space possible and charge max price for it all! We did the parks in about 2 1 2 days and there was nothing really there for my 7 year old who likes faster rides, Thunder mountain was about it and he was not tall enough for the Space ride.All in all very disappointing and I would next time rather spend more and go Florida as its far better and overall much better value.Just got back from disney, what a disapointment . Having been to disney in florida we had something to compare to and sadly it falls very short. The two parks can be done in a day and a half, and if it was'nt for kids go free it would of been a complete waste of money.The staff are ok but they just seem to be there for the job, There was also alot of spanish there, and what horrible people they are on holiday, lacking all manners. I even had to pull one man of the shuttle bus and make him say sorry to my 2 year old daughter for pushing her over in a rush to get on the bus. People told me the food was expensive. It is a RIP OFF!!!!!! 50euros for 2 adult hot dog, and 3 child hot dogs and chips. The hot dogs were over microwaved and the chips cold. The best bet is to take your own food or go to McDonalds. Im sad to say that McDonalds was the best food we had there. I could go on and on but I think you get the idea.We Spent a week in the Euro Disney resort which after USA was a HUGE letdown. But I dont think it was totally Disneys fault.. Anyway Buffalo Bills......... Not what it says on the tin!!!!I went there as a birthday treat with my 12 yr old daughter, The build up to the show was electric and I must say the promise of  Endless BEER  was a plus...(it was my birthday). The waiters seemed like they had seen 1 show to many and just wanted the end of the night to come.. We got split into 4 RANCHES and all each team got a captain who's job it was to get there section of the crowd all YEHARRRED up. My half pint glass was filled with a random beer(lager) which went down a treat and I managed to catch the waiter as he made his way back to the service area for a topup (2 x half pint glases). The light went down and the show started Then a lot of horses with riders holding flags going round and round the arena for 5 mins while we all claped to the music. My glass was empty but there was no sign of the waiters. Enter BUFFALO BILL.. spouted on about the wild west and how much he loved france.. (playing to the crowd I would think). Enter annie oakley (the best shot in     well eurodisney maybe.. As all the  SHOOTING DEMONSTRATIONS  were blanks and nifty electronics. And before you say.... NO im not stupid I wasn't expecting some special ops markswomen... During this time the waiter turned up!!!!! oh joy my glass was begining to get dry.. but NO he had a metal pot of chili and in true wild west fashion was SLOPPING it into our bowls Table Laps  as it was so dark You could not see what you were eating and most of the people sitting around me didn't touch it for this reason including me and daughter. Enter the grand SITTING BULL..(Who's name should really be   STANDING AROUND DOING NOTHING BULL) Who chanted a few phrases then went and stood on a makeshift mountain for 10 mins... YES 10 MINS... still chanting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can only assume he need to fill a gap in the show. YEHAAAAAA   the waiter was back.. But only to clear the still full bowls of chili. This time I asked for a re fill of my drink!!!! A blank look later and he was gone. Another ten minuets past while Chief BULL'S gang were screaming and chasing half a dozen buffalo's around the arena. All of this stampeading in the dust didnt help our already very dry mouths. And still no sign of the waiter. Along came the main  TEXAS STYLE BARBECUE  meal of the night:  quoteSausage with herbs,Roasted ChickenRanch house smoked ribs, Texan vegetablesOld fashioned potatoesWarm apple cobbler with vanilla ice creamA Garlic sausage......A chicken leg with a dolop of barbecue sauceA rib (bone with fat)peas and sweatcornboiled pottatoeswarm apple (with all the bits) cobbler and ice cream.OH and a re fill.......... (3 x half pint glases).Soon this was all cleared away and again the suspect food was left on the plate by alot of people inc us. (why would you eat chicken thats been mass cooked, in the dark???)coffe cups were offered in replace for the glasses which I declined and again asked for a re fill. He went and returned with the words.....  NO MORE  and carried on to clear all the glasses away.. SHOCKED wasn't the word.Team games took place duing the clean up which was the highlight of the night and team pride became a must..(and it took your mind of the fact the glasses had gone forever) Alot of hat swinging and YEEEHAARRRRING later and it was Buffalo Bill's turn to say goodbye and to ask us all to clap yeehaaar etc, for the team of rough riders, Annie (use a real gun) Oakley and Chief (I want to wave my feathers around and chant) Bull. So in a nutshell: 59euro's, A Poor meal, A show that doesnt match the leaflet but not THAT bad, and NOT all the beer you want. You do get to keep your hat and the kids will prob love it. Go in a large group and I would guess you also would have a great time as long as the meal wasnt an issue.We visited Disney Paris April 11 15 with our two little girls who are 3 and 5. We were a litte disappointed and so were our girls who really wanted to see the princesses. They were no where to be found. We saw every other character in the parades, character dinners etc.., but not a princess to be found until our last day we saw Snow White and Sleeping Beauty over by  Small World   ride. We had to wait in really long lines to see them both. I even asked at our hotel  The Disneyland Hotel  and they could not tell me where to find them. They just shook their head saying they have no idea what characters will be where. I could not believe my ears. Were we really at  Disney ???? I had to tell my kids that the princess were on a little vacation this week. It was heart breaking, truely. There was a castle and a whole  Princess Stage  area next to the castle, but no performances. I just could not believe it. I am sure my girls were not the only ones disappointed. Our weather was perfect during our entire stay which I think made the park even more busy than usual. The lines were unreasonably long for my two kids and so was the garbage everywhere. They bathrooms were even worse. I could not believe how many garbage cans were overflowing with garbage. And the bathrooms were so dirty and smelly I completely walked out of one and ran back to our hotel room just to use the toilet. I had a friend that visited in early March during a time the weather wasn't so nice and it was still very crowded and she also said the same thing that the garbage cans were overflowing every where and the bathrooms were just horrible.As for our hotel  The Disneyland Hotel, my husband and I were disappointed in the quality of the hotel. Yes, the location was perfect! The pool was not that great for young kids who are learning how to swim. Our room was really in need of updating ie...the bathroom, capet, linens. Personally we stayed at the Holiday Inn outside the park one night, and I thought it was nicer due to the updated bathroom etc... It was just newer all around. As for the food, well it was no doubt expensive. We enjoyed all of our dinner experiences at the hotel buffet  Inventions , Chef Mickey was outstanding food, but again all really expensive. I felt our lunchtie meals were more limited to  unhealty foods or fast foods . It would have been nice to have healthier selections. Our kids enjoyed the food as well.To be fair, I will say that we did enjoy our trip, but for the money we spent we expected much better quality  Disney Quality . We were at Walt Disney World last year around this same time and we had none of the same problems or experiences. We are not sure if we would recommend doing this trip if you have not been to  The Walt Disney World  nothing really compares to it. I would really like to return but can't see spending that kind of money for such poor quality of services.. Sorry Disneyland Paris.Having stayed at Disney Paris for 3 days this week it is so sad to see what Paris has to offer in comparisson to Florida and California. We have been to all 3 parks and Paris is certainly the  poor relation . Magic Kingdom was ok , but dont forget to take food and drink with you   how families cope i really dont know. Much too expensive. Although it was february and no school hols it was busy. Some attractions were not opened due to the weather. Highlight was Space Mountain and low light was deffinately the price and quality of food. I must say Disney has managed to improve customer care with all french staff attempting to speak english and smile   certainly better than a few years ago where we were treated apaulingly by staff who refused to try and understand us because our french was poor. The second day we went to Disney studios   WHAT A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY ! The park was very small and attractions limited. The weather didnt help !!! We managed to get onto Aerosmith rollercoaster twice and to see the car show   thank goodness because we didnt find much else   ok Armagedon was ok but not really that special. There were technical problems with some rides that meant alot of people were just wandering around   and when we left after just 3 hours in the park we certainly weren't alone !!!!! People were leaving to go to Magic Kingdom or like us to go to find something to eat. We went to Disney Village and managed to be charged 20 euros for 2 sandwiches and coffee !!!!! All in all , save your money and fly to Orlando   a thousand times better !!!!!!!! I relly dont know what the answer is to the problems here.We recently booked a surprise trip for our children  aged 11 & 14. Disneyland itself was lovely & magical however it was very over subscribed. We queued most of the day. The rides and experiences were good  however there are some major issues. The staff are rude and unhelpful. The cafe areas were unclean and we didnt once sit down to a table which had been cleared. There were no maps in English as they had run out. The food and merchandise is horrifically priced and for the food, of poor quality & a healthy option is nowhere to be seen. It snowed once for 2 minutes  its supposed to snow all the time & the characters are available for the kids on sparse occasions about 40 kids deep so a photo and cuddle is out of the question. All in all, a nice day but the magical experience can only be created by yourselves as the staff arent interested.Universal studios was dire  over priced and dull. It takes about 2 hours to do the whole park. We complained and asked if we could go in the other park again  of course...if you pay again!Again, rude staff, poor quality food, unclean and overpriced merchandise.The Disney Village  open to all with restaurants etc was ok. We had our New Years Eve meal here  it was   65 per head but the only meal worth eating whilst we were there. We were sold a wild west show  turned out to be salsa  and had to wait 30 minutes in the rain to get in & another 30 minutes on some back stairs waiting to be seated but food was nice.Overall  don't bother with Paris. We spent   2000 on the trip, taxis and food for 4 of us for 4 days...save your money & go to Florida & enjoy the magic.Before going to Paris and Disney we had been warned that it was expensive, but we thought we would treat ourselves.What I wasn't expecting was to have to pay to park before we had even paid to get into the park. Be warned if you have a campervan   it is TWENTY euros to park! We saw plenty of people turning around to find somewhere else. Surely if you are paying 43 euros per person (for one park) to get in, you shouldn't be expected to pay for parking.Despite this, the park was impressive and generally clean and well organised although it was phenomenally busy and hot with the French workmanship evident (potholes and cracks in the roads).Queues were already over an hour for the big rides by 12 o'clock, so we decided to use the fastpass system to allow us quicker access later. Generally this seems a good idea but be aware: this only seems to be operating up to about 1 o'clock   after this you will have a long wait (as we found with 70 minutes for thunder mountain).The rides were genuinely good, food ok although overpriced (but where isn't in a theme park) and the atmosphere was organised chaos. We didn't see any characters though and the parade was a madhouse.In general it was worth going, but to be honest I much preferred Florida Disney   it has the same rides but a far better atmosphere and is better value for money. My advice would be to save a little more and go to the US instead.the problems i found with the whole eurodisney experience was that it didnt cater well for children   yes children!!! I went with my grandaughter for her first holiday abroad ashe is 2 &1 2, her parents and jmy friend. We stayed at the Newport Bay Club which was lovely to look at. It was overcrowded and HOT   no airconditioning working made us feel hot and irratable. There was no small children activities like a play area but they do say that thre is in the hotel. When we asked where the area was they said just sit in the bar and gave us 4 crayons.?? There was only one 4 person passener lift to the dining area and around 100 people in a queue waiting to use the lift. The food was very expensive nothing really below 20euros for anything near decent. The europeans are rude   very rude men especially. The staff or crew there were mostly rude and not customer focussed. We booked our stay as a family over 6 months ago buton ceck in our rooms were floors apart. After creating a scene by them telling us they were fully booked they found 2 rooms ajoining miraculousley out of thin air as we had booked. It would have saved time just to allocate them as requested on arrival.Everything was on a poorer scale to USA the parks were overcrowded and there was litlle shade or seating to cope with such crowds. Few people could understand english so were not able to assist properly. To wait for csomething to eat was a bind when they said the waiting time is up to 2 hours which is appaling by any standards. We went later to the parks to keep out of the heat and also to hopefully find it quieter but by 7pm on Sunday it was closed. The park was winding down and all eateries were shut by 5pm.Disney village was tired in its appearance even Rainforest Cafe looked very tired and plastic just not what you would expect after paying high prices for poor servce and appearance. The Disney products are better in USA and in UK the shops stocked nothing new and looked old fashioned.I was greatly disappointed but i did keep comparing it to Florida. There was no comparison. The worst bit about it was that it is in France   where they are rude, obnoxious and French !!!!The 4 day trip was excellent though tiring. You have got to love walking! The Sequoia Lodge Hotel was fine, though we had asked for adjoining rooms and were given rooms opposite. Thank goodness there were plenty of toilets so that a group of 5 didnt have to trudge miles   HOWEVER, WOMEN BEWARE   THERE ARE NO SANITARY MACHINES OR CHEMISTS ANYWARE. WHY? I cannot seem to access a customer complaints site or telephone number for Disneyland Paris either to get an answer to this.I have been fortunate to have now experienced all three Disney theme parks, California, Orlando and now Paris. First of all I am an adult, but then the theory has it you can become a kid again when you enter into Disneyland...I just became a mean adult!Disneyland in California was the first and in my opinion is the best, you experience what Walt Disney really had in mind for all of us. Orlando is pretty much the same but much, much bigger with all the added attractions, EPCOT, water parks, etc. and those in themselves are really separate parks. Then there is Euro Disneyland just outside of Paris, about a 35 45 minute Metro ride. What a huge disappointment it was! It did not have the  magical  feel of the other two parks in the least!!!!It was certainly not maintained to the high standard that we have come to expect from the other two parks, garbage on the ground, buildings in disrepair   chipped paint, worn. Even the costumes worn by the staff were not sharp looking. Staff were sloppy and lacked  smiles and enthusiasm ... Parisiennes are not warm, fuzzy, smiling folks anyway. A lot of Europeans smoke, and it is allowed in the park and yes, it the line ups too   try standing in close quarters with someone blowing smoke in your direction and on your kids!!!!The service was poor and extremely slow, they ran out of food, they ran out of change and getting onto the rides was the worst! Six of us went and it wasn't cheap   12 years and up are considered adults   the kids only made it onto 4 rides as most line ups took at least 45 minutes to one hour! We went on Friday, Feb. 24, 2006   it was also bloody cold!We heard that Disneyland did not  take off  in Europe and we could certainly understand why. My suggestion is to save your  Euros  and pass on the park as it was a huge let down! You get far more of a thrill from the Eiffel Tower!Disneyland Paris was quite lame. In fact, it bordered on being a waste of not only money, but time.The number of attractions is quite limited and pales miserably to either of the parks in the United States. I guess this is what happens when a corporation (Disney) builds a park instead of a singularly talented, visionary man (Walt).Disneyland Paris has about one third of the attractions and way less fun than the parks in the States. Two of the marquee rides, Space Mountain and Big Thunder Mountain, were  closed  for no apparent reason   on a SATURDAY. French labor laws? Poor management? I don't know the answer but the result was plain: the park was a big disappointment.Save your Euros, Pounds, or Rupees for a trip to the States and the real deal!Stayed at the fantastic Movenpick Hotel, superb for every facility and great value fo rmoney (  358.00 2adults and 1 child for 3 days)TIP: Buy the 3 day Fantasy Pass  it lasts for a year and is cheaper than the 3 day pass. Plus you get lots of discounts in shops and restaurants. Shame about Disneyland. Some rides were closed, food venues were also closed with no note of apology. The signage was also in short supply, we had to hunt around for ages for toilets   why don't they put up maps in the park with 'you are here signs'.Some of the French employees should also undertake extra Customer Service courses as many were rude and abrupt, even at the EuroStar enquiry desk in the train station.My party, and some others, felt that the introductions to some of the rides should have been in English and not in French as many other nationalilties also understood English but not French. Many children got bored during this introduciton.And for renaming the Seven Dwarf with French names.......Perhaps they should revamp and Americanise   afterall it is what visitors expect.Not what I had expected having visited the 2 American theme parks. Found Disney Village to be smelly (greasy cooking smells) dirty and very expensive.Walt Disney Studios and the Park were passable. There were very few members of staff visible   no characters unless you went to allocated place and queued to see them. Very few sign posts  and map not that reliable.Several of the restuarants were closed as were drink stalls. Goods in shop were expensive   a small bottle of water 2 euros (so take it in with you.)Some of the rides were closed   no information as to when they were to be reopened. The only thing they got right was the free shuttle bus service to and from hotels.If you need to go 1 day will suffice and 2 at the most.Just returned from DLP. Compared with 2003 visit, hardly any characters to be seen. Parade seemed much shorter and lacking in 'pizzazz'. General atmosphere seems to have taken a downturn. There seemed to be far fewer staff around in their various capacities   due to European working hours directive or general economies because Disneyland is in financial bother? The rides themselves were as good as ever but in 2003, we left feeling  The Magic , in 2005   not.I was very disappointed with Disneyland Paris. Upon entering the park, the entrance area is very nicely done but after that things go downhill. Much of my disappointmnet is because I was comparing it to Disneyworld, Orlando Florida. In Paris, I thought the attention to detail was missing. Lines for greeting characters were chaotic and there was no control to insure all guests could greet the characters. The  magic  of Disney just seems to be missing.We have just returned from a five day holiday at DisneyLand Paris.The Sequoia Lodge hotel was clean & friendly breakfast was good only ten minutes walk to Disney Parks.The parks were excellent, clean, shows excellent, food reasonable, parades excellent.THE DOWN SIDESome of the characters were not very friendly with the children when asking for photos or autographs. The Macdonald restaurant and take away in the holiday village was dirty tables, floor, bins and TOILETS weren't cleaned.An otherwise forgettable first visit to Disneyland Paris was salvaged by a trip on the fantastic Aerosmith Rock'n Roll Rollercoster tucked away in the Walt Disney Studio Park. The ride is fully enclosed in a hanger, so on arrival you have no idea what to expect. We queued for only 10 minutes (compared to up to 50 minutes for other, inferior  attractions ) and only once inside we were able to see the cars being launched at what appeared to be an incredible speed. After take off I can say that the acceleration was like nothing else I have ever experienced. The ride was utterly terrifying, with loop the loop and worse, all at very fast speed. The initial acceleration from take off will remain in my memory for ever. As for the rest of Dinseyland Paris   ruined by the queues and totally forgettable. Terra Mitica at Benidorm beats it hands down.Our family and my sister's family have just returned from a very cold ( 5c) holiday ay Disneyland. Most of the children loved it. All the adults did not. On the negative side the food was not good and, worst of all, the coffee seemed to be Nescafe most of the time. It seems Nescafe did a deal with Disney and its the only coffee you can get there!The queues were long and in some cases Fastpass was closed so if you are planning to pay the extra for Castle Club and VIP passes check out the reality of Fastpass because even if it is open you still queue. Comparisons would be Fastpass 15 20mins versus 45 mins in the normal queue.We stayed in the Disneyland Hotel which is right at the gates and very convenient. It is so close to the railway station that you may as well take your own bags to the hotel rather than rely on the, admittedly excellent, Disney service to transport your bags from station to your room. The rooms were good, except the bathrooms were a little cold for us, but we do like tropical temperaures even in the depths of a French winter.We stayed for 4 days which is the absolute maximum.In the winter to get warm the place to go is the Pirates of the Caribbean. It is underground and the queues are minimal most of the time.We are unlikely to go back.Our daughter (aged 9) who has been many times to Blackpool Pleasure Beach, because we have family near by, said she preferred BPB!The whole parc is still losing money, I believe, and it does feel a bit like it.Most staff were pleasant but some offhand. It definately lacks that American service ethic that you get in FloridaIll make this brief because if your like me then you wont read long long reviews!I visited DisneyLand paris for a few days on the tenth of January and I have to say I was bitterly dissapointed. Firstly, dont go to Disneyland Paris expecting everything to be in English because is ISN'T! It is 99% in french! Most attractions require you to wear earphones to hear the translation or have small tv screens dotted around with english subtitles. I thought this was a real downer to the trip. Disney should be in English not french, and as time passes it gets very irritating straining to listen or see the translations. For those of you who have been to Florida, you'll be in for a shock. Dont expect a similarity between the two. If Disney in Florida is ranked at say 100 then Disney paris may just reach a 3, its that much different and less than 1 100th of the size.Also, you'll find many of the staff at disney very reluctant to offer a good service and even more reluctant to speak engish. Basically dont expect an easy ride. The whole time I was there, it just didn't feel like Disney at all. As I say, for those who have been to Disney in Florida, you need to wipe that out your mind and go in to Disney Paris fresh or you'll be very dissapointed.If I we you, save a bit more and head off to Florida.If you like being ripped off by Disney merchandise shops then this is the place for you; there are plenty of them. The Disney Village is free entry to a whole host of restaurants and not much else. Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios are what you pay for. There are some good major attractions in the park and the Studios. The Park is fantastic for young kids and the Studio's for older kids. But they'll get bored quite quickly. A day is all that's needed (if it wasn't for the queues). I went for the new year's eve (2004) 'spectacular.' The only thing spectacular was the crowd. There was no limit to the amount of people they let in to Main Street USA, where everybody wanted to be, with no alternative exits. The amount of idiots with pushchairs (and double pushchairs) made matters worse. The resulting crush was unbeleivable and the show wasn't worth the hassle.If you're staying in one of the Disney hotels your bus ride to and fro is fine as there are plenty of the yellow Disney buses laid on. If you're in one of the four outlying hotels be prepared for mass hysteria as everyone in the four hotels tries to cram on to one of only two purple PEP buses that serve them. No one seems to care how many kids get crushed or trampled as they try to get on the bus. There is no system for getting a bus so it just turns into a free for all as people queue jump and knock other people to the floor.Go to the US parks, its much easier, better, and more value for money.We visited Disneyland Paris with our kids in October 2001, and more recently in August 2004. The first time we went (in 2001), we stayed at the Hotel Cheyenne which was nice due to its location and fun wild west theme. However, it was a VERY pricey trip in all considering it was supposedly the low season (kids were NOT free) and many of the main attraction were closed for repairs (Pirates, It's a Small World, Carrosel, etc). Our family has grown since then (we have 4 children now under the age of 10) and this time there were no Disney hotels that could accomodate a family of 6 except for Davy Crockett's Ranch. This didn't work for us, 'cause you need to have your own transportation to and from the park; we flew into Paris from Amsterdam so we obviously didn't have a car. (How stupid is that, by the way   no shuttle service to DLP from one of the official DLP hotels!! That is something that maybe Europeans tolerate, but Americans never would!)So this time anyhow, we were able to get an awesome deal at the Holiday Inn at Disneyland Paris for two adjoining rooms (a great hotel, by the way  I would highly recommend it!) with a regular shuttle service. BUT   once you get INTO the park and surroundings, you quickly realize that this is anything but a charity ward. Having grown up on the West Coast of the US with regular vacations to The Magic Kingdom of Disneyland, I wasn't prepared for the highway robbery prices on everything at DLP! We just about went broke on meals in the three short days we were there   there was absolutely nothing there for families on a budget. On the last day we went to Mc Donalds in Disney Village to try to save a few bucks, but they were so crowded and expensive as well.The park was beautiful, but as a reviewer noted earlier, it just doesn't have the  heart  of the American parks (I noticed this also years ago when we were in Disneyland Tokyo) and somehow it lacks the  Disney Magic . The DLP park is definitely smaller than its American counterparts, and missing some important elements with regards to attractions. The fact that you are always reaching for your wallet (you are really at their mercy when it comes to food and drink there) really puts a damper on the happy, vacation feeling!A WORD OF WARNING: Do not go on Indiana Jones   Backwards!! unless you are suicidal!! In 2001, I went on the ride, and halfway through the trip when you go upside down backwards, I felt and heard an enormous C R A A A C K in my back! I got off the ride and could not even walk! I developed a hernia then and there from going on that ride, and have had problems with my back ever since!! And I am an avid roller coaster fan!!Another tip: Do not go to DLP during the peak summer months   you will be sorry! It was even more  crowded than Disneyland  (as we say in the States) and on the last day in the park, it took us 5 hours to go on just 3 rides (and we even had FASTPASSes!!)All in all, it was just a  nice  vacation, but not fantastic. This summer (2005) we are traveling to the US to be a part of the 50th Birthday Celebration at Disneyland, California with a commemorative special cruise on the Disney Magic, so I'll let you know how that is! Let's put it this way, it can't be worse than our experiences at DLP!!I have been fortunate enough to go to Disneyland in Orlando in October this year and Disneyland Paris at Christmas. It cost me two thousand pounds for 2 nights at the Newport Bay travelling by Eurostar. I do have six kids but we fit into two rooms. It was not worth it.The journey on Eurostar was great. We boarded at Ashford and everything was very smooth. Tip: Park on Level 5 at Ashford   save queueing for the lift with your bags.The main park is almost the same as in Orlando but they don't have Mickey's Toon Town. The rides are, if anything, a bit better than in Orlando. But as has been said before the staff are only adequate. In America you do get a sense of the staff are happy in their work, in France it seems its just a job, like any any other service industry job, to them. This makes a huge difference to us on the receiving end. The park is showing its age now. The walkways are full of cracks and potholes forming puddles when it rains. You would never see any Orlando park in such a state of disrepair. Like the attitude of the staff, it is as if the company doesn't care. They are happy to settle for adequate when it should be perfect.The new park I liked a lot. It is small, you can do it all in a day, and less crowded than the main park when I was there. The car show is a must see.The disapointments for us came in the Disney Village and particularly the hotel. The food was only average and, compared with American prices, expensive. The hotel was again adequate. It too shows signs of age. Look closely and you'll see bits that are falling apart, stains not removed. Nothing to spoil your trip but when you have the memory of Orlando's standards fresh in your mind you feel let down by Disney. Worst of all: there is a little land train that runs from the village to the hotel. I got on it with 4 of my kids to save the 5 minute walk. They wanted 10 Euros to ride on it!   7.20 to save a 5 minute walk   in Disneyland!! Have they lost the plot completely! Anyone who has been to Orlando will know that paying for transport once you are in the resort is just unheard of.My advice: save up and go to Florida.We've just come back from a couple of days at Eurodisney. I agree with a previous review writer that to the staff at Eurodisney its just a job, whereas at Orlando they do the job because they actually like to do it. That's not belittling all the staff at Paris as some where very helpful, albeit they seemed in the minority.We weren't warned that some of the rides were closed and the fast path tickets ran out early afternoon. Additionally we couldn't get a Park Guide in English as they had all ran out! We booked our tickets over the internet direct with Disney which failed to arrive and we waited 40 minutes to be given replacements on the day. Having been to Disney at Florida early this year perhaps gave us an unfair comparison.Whilst writing   does anyone know what the Halloween song was that was played?We didn't feel that the Park had the same Disney feel as Florida, true it was Halloween there but you could have been anywhere. There were very few characters going around.Having said all that   of course we will go again!!!The parades were great, but the bathrooms were filthy.  Could it be that Disney is trying too hard to cut its costs, not staffing the park sufficiently?I will start off by saying that comments around the non Disney things are mostly negative. Not because I'm biased but b c they honestly were frustrating, unclean, or awful...sometimes all of the above. :( DLP itself was nice but NO comparsion to WDW in Orlando...didn't have the same feel, the same level of commitment from its staff, nor the same visitor enthusiasm (we only saw 3 other people besides us wearing Disney gear there). However, I must say that the Disney store itemsthey had were great, but I haven't seen the ones in Orlando for a yr now.EUROSTAR: We arrived by Eurostar (hi speed via the chunnel) from London's Waterloo station...nice ride. Filthy train, and we were in first class (stains all over the seats and floor; the bathroom lookedas if it had never been cleaned and the toilet paper was the equivalent of newspaper). They served a snack that consisted of a small can of OJ, ham cheese sandwich, croissant, yogurt and cereal bar. I know the company is struggling and now I know why. First class is NOT worth the $100 dollar upgrade.The Eurostar ends at Disneyland Paris. So, when you exit the station there's Disney Village, Disney Studios and Disneyland...very convenient. This is also the bus depot to all the hotels.HOLIDAY INN: From there we got on the bus to the Holiday Inn. Ok, why someone didn't remind me that we're going to Disney and the HI is NOT Disney I'll never know. For some reason it's rated higher than the Newport Bay club Sequoia on the Disney site (I'll never understand why...it is NOT a deluxe hotel by any stretch...the lobby alone is NOcomparison to the Disney hotel lobbies at DLP)...but between the rating and the $600 savings by booking directly via the HI inn website that's why we chose it. Believe me when I tell you that Iwould have paid more than $600 to avoid the buses at all costs and stay at a Disney hotel that's walking distance to the parks and train!! Not to mention that the hotel is 'cold' in its feel, extremely noisy, and much understaffed. We spent a great deal of time each day waiting in line to ask questions at the front desk. We often had to call several times to follow up on requests to housekeeping for iron requests. The rooms were on the small side for the money although the bathrooms were a decent size. Our room (Family Room) had a queen bed and a set of bunk beds along with a crib...it was crowded. I understand the 'Kid Suites' are a 2 room set up and much larger.BUSES: The bus transportation to Disney property but non Disney hotels was awful. The drivers never spoke a word, not even to tell you which hotel he just abruptly stopped at forcing you to become onewith the window or your neighbor, and heaven forbid he ever offered assistance. The drivers would fill the buses beyond capacity and then drive as if they were a Nascar racer. No, I'm not exaggerating. Not to mention the wait at the depot.SAD BUS EXAMPLE: Once my husband rode the bus alone to the Village to get some food and bring it back to the room (my son and I were in the room sick with some awful flu bug so he wanted to be in the room to take care of us and our daughter who didn't catch it...the HI REFUSED to let him takeaway the dinner food  although they let you do so with breakfast  which forced him to go to the Disney village). Upon returning he squeezed on the bus and was followed by a mother pushing her daughter in a wheelchair. My husband attempted to help, with baked potatoes in hand, no one else would assist the mother or my husband. The woman shouted to the driver 'you're supposed to lower the ramp!', he never did. Never said a word, nor did and of the other tourists (really, it was for the most part the most rude group of tourists I have ever been confined with). This forced the poor girl to crawl out of the chair and up into the bus. When it was time for the woman to get off a man next to my husband said, 'glad she's gone, she was grumpy'. Luckily the woman was w in earshot and returned to inform the man that her daughter has terminal cancer and that this was her last holiday. That about sums up all of our frustrating and sad bus experiences.PARKS: The parks are a bit smaller, but still very enjoyable. We were in no way park commandos, just out for a trip to see another part of Disney. I will offer this important show TIP...the Legend of the Lion King show always had a line of 1 2 hrs and sold out every time. Not wanting to wait in theline we went to lunch in the adjoining building, Hyperion Cafe. Low and behold they are the same building. Get your food, get a seat and watch the show while you eat!!!! You actually eat your meal a few rows above people that have just stood in line for 2 hrs and are likely tired and hungry by now! Note that they will not let you sit without your food.DISNEYLAND HOTEL: We stopped in the Disneyland hotel, which is actually part of the grand entrance to DLP. The hotel inside was beautiful and the staff so friendly. We wanted to cry when we walkedin...we should have followed our guts and changed hotels from the moment we arrived at the HI like we wanted to.DISNEYS NEWPORT BAY CLUB HOTEL: From there we walked over to the Newport Bay Club, which is thru the Disney Village. Again, we walked in here and felt 'home'! We thought we were back in Orlando. Again, tears. The staff was friendly. Of the staff we encountered there was some language barrier which surprised us, although most werestill helpful, except for the concierge. We had dinner at their more casual restaurant and it was wonderful. They have a fantastic kids buffet, which was so nice for them to have so many options.DISNEY VILLAGE: Much smaller than Downtown Disney in Orlando, much smaller. Mostly restaurants and counter service. We ate at the Chicago Steakhouse...great food, great atmosphere!PRIORITY SEATING: Of all the times we made reservations we had our pick of times, even at the last minute. I'm really not sure where everyone else was eating! The restaurants were EMPTY!!PARIS: We also took the RER train to Paris for a day and walked a lot...GREAT Disney store at the Champs Elsyees!!! Good ride, about 45 min.So, all in all a good trip, if we take out the HI and the buses. :) I would HIGHLY recommend staying at a Disney hotel (park passes are included in the reservation and I was told the hotels cannot bebooked w o including the passes). If you do not stay at a Disney hotel, I would next highly recommend staying at a hotel on the RER line...it was SO much easier to get on and off the train than it ever was to take the bus! I would skip the non Disney 'in the Magic' hotels.Disneyland is a great place to spend time with your children if you are ready to pay a lot of money for an experience that, on my opinion, is hardly worth it. The stuff is quite friendly but... it  s all about money. The more you buy, the more they smile. It is not exactly an environment protecting company either... I strongly advice you to skip  the Disney Magic  and to take your kids out in a forest to explore real animals and real nature.This was my first trip to Disneyland and I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the experience with my children.We walked for hours, tried every ride and attraction and had lots of fun.The best place to see the characters is at a dinner or breakfast or book in for a meal at Cafe Mickey. We had a great night and the best meal we had during our visit.We stayed at the Sequoia Lodge which has excellent facilities and is very near the park. The park staff are pleasant and helpful.However, visitors should also be aware of some of the down sides as they could spoil your holiday experience.The adult visitors from Spain and France are extremely rude and think nothing of pushing young children out of the way to secure their own view of the parades etc. The service in the restaurants is dire (unsmiling and grumpy) and the toilets throughout the park are disgusting.There were large queues for the shows so you need to get to the line early if you want to see them   they are well worth the wait though.The worst thing though was Charles De Gaulle airport   Terminal 1. It was very dirty and worn. The toilets are few in number and very dirty. Their are very few facilities if your plane is delayed   no cafe or facilities within the security area.I would not return to Paris again but am now planning a trip to America   something I didn't think I would want to do.The lines are low, thats good, the staff are rude, I guess thats europe, all in all, this is a theme park without the spirit, It lacks the magic of Disney in the USA and I have seen them all. If you want to just do the rides, this is great, but if your looking for that old fashion magic, go to the USA. The characters come out without minders watching and its kaos to get a picture, kids will leave dissapointed. Staff are light on the ground, so you have to rely on the maps. All in all it was very expensive and lacks the spirit. Its like Disney didnt run it, or they left  Walt  manual at home in the USA. I am not pro US by any means, but I think its important to understand the limitations especially if your making the trip just for the park. Accomodation is great at the holiday inn , But it will cost you.I would not recommend going if you have been to other Disney resorts. This one falls short and our children were terribly disappointed. There were more shopping stores than rides. A true pitty because we were looking forward to doing some rollercoaster rides. We won't return. 